---
slug: 241-pizza
name: 241 Pizza
type: brand
---

# 241 Pizza

About Us Our history The 241 Pizza team has proudly been serving Canadians for over 30 years. Our staff always provide fast and friendly service that you can depend on when you are looking to order great pizza for yourself or many! Since first setting up shop in Toronto in 1986, 241 has expanded across the country, becoming a leading pizza brand in Canada. 241 Pizza provides our customers with great pizza delivery and pizza takeout to fit any lifestyle. We are already serving customers in over 60 locations across Ontario, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Newfoundland and Labrador, and continue to grow. We take your pizza needs seriously. We start with our crust: thick or thin, our dough is made in-house and never frozen, ensuring your order is freshly made each time, toppings to bottom. Next we load it with all of your favourite ingredients. Choose one of our classic recipes or customize your own pizza by selecting toppings from our list of over 40 fresh ingredients using our “create your own” menu. From our wide selection of traditional and specialty pizzas to our wide variety of sides, 241 Pizza has something for everyone. Pair your pie with chicken wings, salads, desserts or drinks! At 241 Pizza, we love a good deal! Our goal is to offer Canadians quality pizza at an affordable price. Take advantage of amazing deals and save big and eat good! Download our mobile app to unlock even more web-only specials and order pizza online! Next time you are looking for pizza delivery, 241 Pizza has you covered whether you’re on the phone, online, or in person. Chow down on any of your favourite 241 Pizza menu options for a quick slice! Whether you choose to take out, dine-in or get your pizza delivered, we will make sure you get the same exceptionally fast service and delicious food created with quality and care every time. With over three decades of experience and strong reputation, 241 Pizza is a solid franchise. Become part of our growth across Canada by checking out our available ...
