---
slug: 49th-parallel-coffee-roasters
name: 49Th Parallel Coffee Roasters
type: brand
---

# 49Th Parallel Coffee Roasters

Our mission: Make Specialty Coffee Accessible to More People (In More Ways) by Crafting Exceptional Direct Trade Coffee, With Intention, that Inspires Curiosity. Based in Vancouver, British Columbia, 49th Parallel endeavours to sustainably source and craft exceptional coffee. We are a technologically advanced roastery with a science forward approach to the craft. We strive to collaborate with enthusiastic, satisfied customers while positively contributing to the health of local and global ecosystems. We do this through motivating, recognizing, and rewarding every part of the value network - viewing each of our partners as valued team members. From origin to our roaster, into cafés and kitchens, it is human togetherness in every part of the process that makes the coffee we represent possible. OUR VALUES We Create Exceptional Specialty Coffee & Customer Experiences We are Inclusive, Respectful, & Celebrate Teamwork We Aspire to Positively Impact Coffee & our World We are Curious & Adaptable We are all Aligned to our Mission & Committed to Bringing it to Life OUR ROASTERY Our state of the art roasting facility is a coffee professional's dream. We currently roast coffee on five different roasters of various sizes and engineering. We have carefully collected these tools over the years to highlight different roasting techniques and accentuate different flavour profiles. Roasting highlights the qualities inherent in the green coffee. Coffee is a drupe, a stone fruit and just like grapes for wine, there are thousands of different varieties growing in various regions around the world. No two coffees are the same and the potential for flavour complexity is immense. Our goal as a roaster is to work with individual varieties and express them in a delicious, balanced cup, showcasing each coffee’s unique qualities and characteristics. QUALITY CONTROL TEAM Our focus goes far beyond roasting and preparation, to the source of the raw material: the green coffee bean. Every coffee com...
