---
slug: aldo
name: Aldo
type: brand
---

# Aldo

About UsOur mission today is the same as it was in 1972: to design shoes that help young people try new things, explore fresh experiences, grow into themselves, and step confidently through every chapter of life. We’ve been around through every season, era, and cultural shift. Our very first shoe, the Frida clog, was a bold reimagining of traditional Swedish and Japanese designs - our first shot at trying something different. It was unique, distinctly modern, and in tune with the free-thinking, rebellious, and curious spirit of the 70’s. That spark? It’s still in everything we do. Decade after decade, we’ve designed with the same joie de vivre. Trying has always defined us. Nerves and excitement are our north star, we find joy in the journey. We take inspiration from the world and the people in it to create wearable styles that inspire self-expression, bring fun into the everyday, and outlive the trends to become a beloved core memory in your closet. Our Founder StoryThe grandson of a shoe cobbler, son of a shoe merchant - our founder Aldo Bensadoun was, in many ways, destined to follow in footsteps. Yet it was his unique upbringing and his deep curiosity about the world that inspired him to forge his own path in the creation of ALDO - a brand built on passion, purpose, and innovation. Designed In MontrealIn 1972, Aldo founded his company in Montreal - a city in progress, evolving into an international centre of culture and commerce. It was a global crossroads where diverse worldviews, styles, and traditions converged to shape new, collective visions. Today, ALDO designs with the same spirit of curiosity and connection. Our designers work together to create with purpose and passion - constantly exchanging stories and ideas, and finding inspiration together. First MilestonesALDO began as a modest concession stand in a local department store - a small footprint with big appeal. Our very first shoe, the Frida Clog, quickly became a hit, sparking the rise of ALDO as a b...
