---
slug: ans-performance
name: Ans Performance
type: brand
---

# Ans Performance

About The BrandAt ANS Performance, we’re all about helping you push limits, break barriers, and reach new levels of performance—without the hype, just results. Proudly Canadian, we’ve been fueling athletes, gym-goers, and everyday warriors with top-quality nutrition since 2012. From powerful pre-workouts and clean protein formulas to innovative health and wellness supplements, everything we create is backed by science and designed to help you perform at your best. Whether you're chasing PRs, leveling up your fitness, or just looking to feel great, we’ve got your back. Our Story ANS Performance started as a passion project between two lifelong athletes who wanted to shake up the supplement industry—blending real science with real performance to create something different. Nick and Shetal first crossed paths back in 2006 while working in the pharmaceutical industry. Shetal, a chemical engineer, and Nick, a Ph.D. in Biological Chemistry, ran the R&D lab for the Canadian division of a multi-billion-dollar global pharma company. Nick eventually dove into the world of sports nutrition, spending five years consulting for some of the biggest supplement brands and helping launch hundreds of products worldwide. But he knew there was still something missing—a brand that put science and quality first. In 2012, Nick and Shetal teamed up again to bring that vision to life. ANS Performance was born. The name stands for Advanced Nutraceutical Sciences, and that’s exactly what they set out to deliver—clean, high-performance supplements with no gimmicks, just results. Product Quality that is Second to None! At ANS Performance, we’re all about quality, innovation, and results. We carefully select every ingredient and work closely with all our suppliers to ensure they meet the highest standards—so you can perform at your best, no matter your goal. All our products are made in cGMP-certified facilities, approved by Health Canada and/or the US FDA, guaranteeing top-tier safety and qualit...
