---
slug: baffin-boots
name: Baffin Boots
type: brand
---

# Baffin Boots

About Baffin Our Story: Defining Cold-Climate Performance Since Day One At Baffin, we specialize in creating technically advanced footwear and apparel engineered to thrive in the most challenging cold climates. From icy trails to demanding winter expeditions, our products are designed to keep you warm, dry, and confident in the face of nature’s extremes. Cold is our calling, and performance is our promise. Our Heritage Baffin was founded in 1979 by the Hubner family in Stoney Creek, Ontario. With a passion for innovation and an uncompromising dedication to quality, the Hubners built Baffin into a trusted name in cold-climate gear. Rooted in Canadian Winters and with a deep respect for the natural world, the brand quickly gained a reputation for delivering warmth, comfort, and durability when it mattered most. In 2018, Baffin joined the Canada Goose family, further strengthening our commitment to providing best-in-class cold-climate protection. This partnership has allowed us to continue pushing the boundaries of innovation, with every product remaining true to our Canadian roots and rigorous standards of craftsmanship. What Drives Us We don’t just design for the cold—we live it. At Baffin, our philosophy of Real-World Testing™ ensures that every product is subjected to the harshest conditions before it reaches you. From our Polar Rated boots to versatile three-season footwear, every piece is crafted with precision, using cutting-edge materials and technology to protect you in the field. Innovation Meets Tradition With over 40 years of expertise, we remain at the forefront of cold-climate performance. Our proprietary technologies, such as B-Tek™ insulation, IceBite™ slip-resistance compound and Arctic Rubber, deliver industry-leading warmth and traction. While we embrace modern advancements, we are deeply committed to the traditional values of craftsmanship and dependability that shaped our beginnings. Our Commitment At Baffin, we believe in empowering our community ...
