---
slug: bell-mobility
name: Bell Mobility
type: brand
---

# Bell Mobility

5G and 5G+ Networks Canada’s best 5G+ network. The best 5G+ network Whether you’re talking with loved ones, shopping online, or using a navigation app, you can always count on a consistent connection with the best 5G+ network. The fastest 5G+ speeds Speed matters for doing what you love on your favourite apps. From streaming, sharing content, and gaming, our network delivers the fastest 5G+ speeds in Canada. The largest coverage From city to cottage country, Canada’s largest 5G+ network has you covered wherever life takes you. Awarded Canada’s best 5G+ network. Global Wireless Solutions (GWS) conducts the most comprehensive drive test of wireless networks in Canada and reconfirmed that Bell’s network outperforms all other national wireless networks. What you get on Canada’s best 5G+ network. Our 5G and 5G+ enable theoretical peak download speed of up to 1.7 GbpsGiga bits per sec, referrer 5G available in select major areas of Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Winnipeg, the Greater Toronto Area, Montreal and more. in cities, towns and communities across Canada for an incredible mobile experience (average expected speeds between 39–523 Mbps). Up to 100x faster speeds Future 5G/5G+ technology deployments will have theoretical peak download speeds that are up to 100x faster than 4G LTE. This means large files will be downloaded in seconds, videos will be streamed in the highest resolution, and you’ll benefit from an overall better experience. 5G/5G+ will also provide faster Internet speed to users in remote areas that currently don’t have access to fibre technology. Up to 1,000x greater capacity Future 5G/5G+ technology connected devices will be able to receive multiple streams of data, dramatically increasing their capacity to enjoy reliably fast speeds, even during peak times and at crowded events. Up to 3x lower latency Future 5G and 5G+ technology will allow devices to connect to one another with a lightning-fast response time. This opens up possibilities for real-time ...
