---
slug: carina-organics
name: Carina Organics
type: brand
---

# Carina Organics

Our Aim Our aim is to provide the cleanest possible products for your body. This means 100% natural products, full of medicinal organics and completely free of cortisone, steroids, DEA (diethanolamine), sulfates, salt (sodium chloride), propylene glycol, aluminum, synthetic fragrances, and dyes. With a constantly increasing awareness of the potentially harmful chemical and synthetic ingredients used in health and beauty products, it is becoming more apparent that safer, naturally derived and organic alternatives should be made available. Many synthetic ingredients, such as those noted above, are potentially harmful chemicals used in most beauty related products available on the common market today. They are inexpensive and make the products appear richer in quality by providing either foam enhancing, thickening or moisture retaining properties to the product. These ingredients have undergone extensive testing and many are now recognized as potentially harmful to human health or the environment. They can be absorbed through the skin and into the blood stream and may eventually accumulate in various organs of the body. At Carina, we have chosen a healthier approach to manufacturing self-care products. Since Carina's inception in 1972, replacing chemical and synthetic ingredients with natural and organic plant extracts, essences, and oils has been central to our focus and philosophy. This simple formula has helped Carina and its products become recognized and preferred internationally. Certified organic, entirely natural and synthetic-free ingredients provide our shampoo products with mild, yet effective, cleansing properties and the foam produced is rich and creamy. This is due to the essential tree, herb, fruit and flower extracts that are added to complement our formulations. In our skin creams and conditioners, organic essences and oils from avocado, olive, flax seed, pumpkin seed and sunflower help the skin to naturally retain and maintain its moisture level and h...
