---
slug: chayle-jewellery
name: Chayle Jewellery
type: brand
---

# Chayle Jewellery

made with loveOur Story“An everyday art piece.”Handmade in Ottawa, Canada Our DesignerChayle Bowen completed her BFA at NSCAD University (Halifax), specializing in metalsmithing, printmaking, and book arts.After graduation, she worked in the jewellery industry as a goldsmith and designer, became a sessional jewellery instructor at the Ottawa School of Art, and completed artist residencies at the Estonian Academy of Arts (Tallinn), Sparkbox Studio (Picton), and Art Engine (Ottawa). Additionally, she completed an internship with Estonian jewellery artist and MA professor Tanel Veenre (Tallinn). Her artist jewellery has been exhibited nationally and internationally in juried shows.Currently, she is owner and designer of “Chayle Jewellery Studio”, established 2013 in Ottawa. Ethics & SustainabilityOur PhilosophyWith a sense of minimalist elegance and ethical vision, Chayle Jewellery is handcrafted in Ottawa, Canada, using only recycled and conflict-free sources of gold and silver, ethically sourced gemstones, and Canadian diamonds. Learn More Made with loveOur StudioEach piece of jewellery produced by Chayle Jewellery, goes through our studio with care and attention to detail. We choose to use a selection of traditional goldsmithing techniques, combined with new technologies like 3D printing, to create a balance between handmade aesthetics and contemporary precision. Artist StatementMy work as an artist goldsmith combines my passions for traditional metalsmithing and minimalist design. I use hammering techniques to create jewellery which flows naturally with the body. The shapes I use are often bold, capturing the negative spaces and contours of the body. For me, it is important to consider the wearer within the design process of my pieces. I enjoy the challenge of creating beauty and elegance while maintaining wearability and sentimentality. With my material choices of precious metals, colourful patinas, and rustic hammer textures, I hope to capture a feelings of ancie...
