---
slug: doodle-dogs
name: Doodle Dogs
type: brand
---

# Doodle Dogs

Home About Us About UsWELCOME TO DOODLE DOGS Thank you for visiting our online shop. The Doodle Dogs dream began in 2016, when a brother and sister duo had a plan to bring only the most CHIC | UNIQUE dog gear to Calgary. We discovered that the best way to build a beautifully unique pet store is to carry the beautiful handmade gear made right here in Calgary and across Canada (usually found at markets and on Etsy, etc). Here we are five years later with 20+ local brands - all handmade in Calgary and across Canada, most of which can only be bought direct from them on in our shops and our online boutique. OUR FOOD MISSION FOR YOU! - Only the Best. We do NOT carry 40 types of dry food, as we know that there are not 40 great brands. We carry specific brands that we know pass our test of greatness - so that we have full confidence you will get the best for your pup from us. Even better, we carry the best raw options on the market - as we truly believe feeding your pets fresh, unprocessed food is the WAY FORWARD, so we put a lot of emphasis on fresh option, OR helping each pet owner add fresh food to their bowl so that lifestyle and budget can be met while doing what’s possible to incorporate fresh. COREY CO-OWNER / CO-FOUNDER Corey's professionalism and ability to run a business comes from his years in oil and gas. A true pack leader, when Corey isn't helping out at Doodle Dogs, he can be found at local coffee shops, enjoying spin class, and of course cuddling his precious Staffordshire Bull Terriers Harley and Sadie. 🌈 Finnigan - Boston Terrier / Pug 2008 - 2018 🌈 Maggie - Boston Terrier (and our mascot!) 2009 - 2023 Favourite Breed: Bully Breeds MEGHAN CO-OWNER / CO-FOUNDER Meghan adores working with her clients and getting to know their furry family members. When not handing out snacks at Doodle Dogs, Meghan can be found advocating for stricter legislation around domestic animal sourcing and hanging with her pets Weechee Warrick (shih tzu) and her Persians Boop and N...
