---
slug: elate-beauty
name: Elate Beauty
type: brand
---

# Elate Beauty

Skip to content 15% off Gift Cards! Until Dec 22ndCanadian Owned + Canadian MadeFree shipping on all North American orders of 75+ Your bag is empty Start shopping Add order note You may also likeUse the Previous and Next buttons to navigate through product recommendations, or scroll horizontally to view more products.Blush Balm Refill$22.00 meet elate Advocatingkindness since2014 Truth? The beauty industry wants you to feel bad about yourself. Because the worse you feel, the more you buy. It’s not kind, and we stand for kindness at Elate. We happen to think you deserve to feel beautiful just as you are—with and without makeup. By embracing diversity in ourselves and the beauty industry, we can enhance confidence, reduce waste and change the world.And as for your beauty bag? We think less is more, especially with 30% of all waste accredited to cosmetics. Curating a capsule of beloved, reusable, and recyclable products not only saves you the energy and money of cluttering your cosmetics case with lipsticks you’ll never wear, it saves landfills from unnecessary waste. If you ask us, intention makes for elation. Changing the industry together 697,000+ Plastic Packages Saved from landfills with our recycling program 157,500+ Gardens Grown from our seed paper packaging 22,000+ Trees Planted from customer orders — one for every order $27,000+ Donated to social and environmental causes in 2020 Why Elate?We’re for more mindful consumption Low-waste beauty starts with consumption. Saying no to marketing that makes you feel less than and yes to inclusive advertising that invites you to buy mindfully and minimally: When you’re ready to replenish or replace the old with the new—not before, and never impulsively. And with packaging that can be reused and recycled (and even planted), that waste-free future is within reach. We believe the makeup in our cosmetics case shouldn’t compromise the health of any person, animal or the planet. That’s why our products are 100% vegan and crue...
