---
slug: fody
name: Fody
type: brand
---

# Fody

What Is Fody? The Low FODMAP Foods Brand You Can Trust It’s time to feel great after eating. Our lineup of gut-friendly foods, from sauces, seasonings, snacks, and more, is crafted for people with IBS, sensitive stomachs, or following a Low FODMAP diet. Foods That Love You Back. Low FODMAP Certified Dietitian tested and safe for sensitive stomachs. Free from common triggers like onion*, garlic*, gluten, and lactose Made with clean, natural ingredients that taste great Crafted with gut health in mind Trusted by a Growing Community. Dietitian Approved. Fody supports the 50+ million people living with IBS and sensitive stomachs. ★★★★★ “Fody changed my life. No more painful bloating or food anxiety. Their sauces and snacks taste amazing and are super gentle on my gut. Finally, food that my IBS and I can trust.” ★★★★★ “With Fody, I eat worry-free. Everything is low FODMAP and labeled clearly. No flare-ups, no guesswork - just great food that loves my gut.” ★★★★★ “Delicious and IBS-friendly! Fody’s sauces and salsas let me enjoy my favorite foods again - without the bloating and stomach pain.” ★★★★★ “As a dietitian, I highly recommend Fody to anyone managing IBS or following a FODMAP diet. Their products make it easy to enjoy flavorful meals without the guesswork. Convenient, delicious and totally IBS safe.” ★★★★★ “Fody changed my life. No more painful bloating or food anxiety. Their sauces and snacks taste amazing and are super gentle on my gut. Finally, food that my IBS and I can trust.” ★★★★★ “With Fody, I eat worry-free. Everything is low FODMAP and labeled clearly. No flare-ups, no guesswork - just great food that loves my gut.” ★★★★★ “Delicious and IBS-friendly! Fody’s sauces and salsas let me enjoy my favorite foods again - without the bloating and stomach pain.” ★★★★★ “As a dietitian, I highly recommend Fody to anyone managing IBS or following a FODMAP diet. Their products make it easy to enjoy flavorful meals without the guesswork. Convenient, delicious and total...
