---
slug: genuine-tea
name: Genuine Tea
type: brand
---

# Genuine Tea

Serve Third Wave Tea Our wholesale partners are on a mission to serve tea that stands front and centre, not as an afterthought. We support passionate operators to build beverage programs that deliver consistent quality, profitability, and excitement for your team as they serve every cup. Apply for a Wholesale Tea Account Why Genuine Tea? One-Stop Tea ShopFull tea programs, from direct-trade matcha, loose leaf, RTDs to essential tools and accessories. Partnering with us comes with full training and support. Ethical & SustainableSourced from personal relationships with farmers, and Ethical Tea Partnership & Fair Trade gardens. Compostable packaging made in Toronto. Lightning Fast FulfillmentOrders ship in 1 business day. Free shipping on orders over $250 across Canada & the US. Premium Whole leaf tea Whole leaf, whole flavour. We're proud to deliver farmer-direct and organic leaves that steep with uncompromising flavour. Hand-blended & packed in Ontario, we never use any artificial flavourings or additives.Brew better, leaving nothing behind. Made with the same whole leaf tea, our compostable pyramid tea bags deliver full flavour with consistency & speed. Made from plant-based poly-lactic acid, they break down in commercial compost in under 90 days and never leach microplastics.Both bulk, retail and individually wrapped packaging available to suit every context. See Pricing Direct Trade Matcha Program Forget the shortage! For over a decade, we've been working with the Katō Family to bring you ceremonial-grade, single-origin matcha grown in Uji, Japan. Shade-grown under bamboo and stone-milled in small batches, each harvest is selected for balance, clarity, and umami. Our direct relationship allows for consistent matcha supply.Three harvests, one farm. Spring and summer harvests of the Yabukita cultivar, and an organic spring harvest of the Okumidori cultivar. Rich in L-theanine and clean caffeine, Katō Matcha delivers calm, focused energy in its purest form. Sourced w...
