---
slug: global-pet-foods
name: Global Pet Foods
type: brand
---

# Global Pet Foods

The largest Canadian-ownedpet specialty retailer. Since 1976, we have been providing pet parents withholistic foods, expertise, and more. What makes us Global Pet Foods? Below you’ll find the beliefs and principles that separate us from the pack. Mind+Body+Soul+Spirit Everything we do is based on the belief that caring for pets must include proper nutrition, care, play, and love. For parents of every kind of pet From cats and dogs to birds, fish, and other small animals, we specialize in a wide selection of natural and holistic pet food, treats and supplements, in addition to toys and other essential products that pet parents need. here. We’re pet parents too Our well-trained healthy pet care specialists are pet parents, meaning that they’re knowledgeable and passionate about making sure your pet has the best life possible. Give pets as much as they give us We work with animal rescues and shelters to host adoption and fundraiser special events at most of our stores. Our annual Show Us Your Heart campaign, which has raised almost $1,250,000 to date, helps support more than 120 pet rescues and animal shelters across Canada. A different breed of pet store The majority of Global Pet Foods stores are franchise-owned and are spread right across Canada from beautiful British Columbia to the stunning shores of Newfoundland. We have become the third largest Pet Specialty retailer in Canada and sixth largest in North America. Click here to learn more about becoming a Global Pet Foods franchisee. Our Policy Our goal is to satisfy our customers. If you are not happy with your purchase, we will gladly exchange or refund the product within 30 days with a receipt. For more details on our Return Policy, look at our Customer Care page. Read Now
