---
slug: groupe-marcelle
name: Groupe Marcelle
type: brand
---

# Groupe Marcelle

Celebrating 150 years of caring for your skin This year we mark an incredible milestone in our skin care and beauty journey – 150 years of Marcelle, 150 years of caring for Canadians and for their skin!Because we believe in the beauty of caring – for your skin, for your well-being and for the world around us. Generations of skin expertise For eight generations, we've passionately nurtured your skin, offering safe, gentle, and effective skin-loving formulas. Because we’re a brand that’s about more than just superficial beauty – we truly care about what beauty means to you, inside and out.Our internal skin research lab carefully selects exactly what we put in our formulas, and importantly what we do not, drawing on our 150 years of expertise in skin science and skin health. So you can be confident our formulas will give you exactly what your skin needs, and nothing it doesn’t. Our skin care & beauty journey It all started in 1874, with Marcelle founder Charles W. Beggs’ visionary belief that beauty and health should go hand in hand, sparking a revolution in skin care and makeup for generations to come. In 1949, pharmacist Victor Cape brought that vision to Canada, and we’ve been a proudly Canadian family business ever since. From grandmother, to mother, to daughter – eight generations of women have trusted Marcelle to care for their skin. A timeless beauty philosophy Clean, simple yet innovative skin care is at the core of Marcelle; it's a testament to our rich history of caring. For us, clean isn’t just a passing trend–it’s a philosophy for formulating cosmetics rooted in science, trust, transparency, and safety.Beyond our commitment to clean formulas, we are proudly cruelty-free, endorsed by dermatologists and tested safe for sensitive skin. With over 50 products recognized by the Canadian Dermatology Association (CDA), Marcelle stands as Canada's foremost advocate for skin safety. Made for every skin, loved for generations From cleansers to mascara, and everything ...
