---
slug: lammles-western-wear
name: Lammles Western Wear
type: brand
---

# Lammles Western Wear

FAMILY OWNED AND OPERATED SINCE 1983 Canada's leading western lifestyle retailer. Our story officially began in 1983, when Barry Lammle saw an opportunity in the retail market for a company to carry the top brands in western wear all under one roof. A rancher first, from De Winton, Alberta – Barry’s retail experience and expertise stemmed from decades working at the Hudson’s Bay Company. Throughout this journey, Barry studied what his customers valued most, and used the knowledge he gained to establish the Lammle’s Western Wear brand in 1983. The mission was clear: Address the needs of everyday Albertans looking for a western retailer that provides the best service, selection, and quality. This led to the opening of the first Lammle’s Western Wear store in our hometown of Calgary, Alberta. Over the next forty years, Lammle’s grew to have over 20 stores across Western Canada while continuing to serve those wanting the latest top-name brands in boots, hats, western clothing and accessories for their entire family. Business milestones include Lammle’s exclusive partnership with the Calgary Stampede, which welcomes visitors from across the globe as they arrive on our western doorsteps. To reach customers who may not have access to a physical location, Lammle’s launched an online store which has helped make the company a national brand, and enabled Lammle’s to serve customers fromcoast to coast. Today, Barry and his eldest son Jeff continue to keep the Lammle’s Experience focused on the needs of the customers through exceptional service, wide selection and quality products. As the leading western lifestyle retailer in Canada, we’re proud to offer an authentic lifestyle experience that welcomes everyone. Whether it’s days on the ranch, enjoying a rodeo, concert or a night out on the town – we’ve got you covered. No matter what your vision is, we’ll help you define your look so you can ‘Live your own west.’ Live Your Own WestYour style expresses how you feel and live every...
