---
slug: loulou-lollipop
name: Loulou Lollipop
type: brand
---

# Loulou Lollipop

The LouLou Lollipop journey Our Story Designed to Love. Born to Last. We know how precious those first few months and years are. Our safe, sustainable, and so sweet baby goods are made to last (and love). Designed with durability and functionality in mind, our products are tried and tested by parents like you. That means you can be confident they will hold up, no matter what life (or baby) throws at them. Our commitment to the highest safety and sustainability standards and family-first focus means you can feel good about everything you find here. How It All Began We got our start in 2015 with our first two designs, the original silicone Donut and Ice Cream Teethers that broke the mold for safety, durability, with a sweet aesthetic that fit seamlessly into our homes … but the fun was just getting started. We’ve continued expanding, but stayed committed to quality and accessibility. All of our products are ASTM, CPSC and CPSIA compliant, because every little one—and parent—deserves the best. Featured in Milestone Moments2015: Our Magical BeginningWe're fearless pioneers, always willing to try new things in pursuit of better, cuter, and safer products. We launched our first product out of our home office with help from our husbands. Milestone Moments2016: Out On Our OwnWe moved from an Etsy shop to our own website, attended our first trade show, started selling to boutiques, and expanded our offering to include our first muslin swaddles. Milestone Moments2017: We All Scream For Ice CreamWe launched our iconic Ice Cream Teether (a design that’s been copied many times), and moved into an office space of our very own. Yay! Milestone Moments2018: Growing TogetherWe moved into an even bigger office with a warehouse to keep up with exciting growth—and grew our staff to a team of 18. Milestone Moments2020-2021: Apparel & MoreWe perfected our first line of apparel, launched silicone tableware, and before we knew it, we had over 2,000 unique product offerings. (This called for...
