---
slug: macro-foods
name: Macro Foods
type: brand
---

# Macro Foods

$0.00 Timer to Cutoff 2 day, 07 h 11 m 12 s Who We Are Macro Foods is in the business of making high quality chef prepared ready-to-eat fresh meals. Founded in 2015 our goal is to help change the way people think about food and reinforce healthy habits for better living. By taking farm fresh ingredients and perfect portion sizes we strive to fuel bodies to get the most out of every single day. We start back at the basics by forgetting about processed and manufactured foods and bring back simple home cooking. Our belief is simple - good food starts from the roots up. We are proud to be apart of so many healthy living success stories which in turn has allowed us to create our own success story. We now have 8 retail locations across Ontario. Our fresh prepared meals are stocked every day for grab and go meals and are vacuum sealed to stay fresh for 7-10 days. With over 50 different menu options and monthly features there is a huge variety of meals to choose from. We also sell shakes, supplements, and healthy snacks to complete a healthy lifestyle. Not able to stop by? We deliver fresh foods across Ontario direct to your doorstep as well. Clients can order online at www.macrofoods.ca and select from our regular meal options or even build their own meals to fit their nutritional goals. We have packages and subscriptions that offer additional savings available online as well. We are proud to be one of Ontario's fastest growing fresh meal preparation services. Our promise is to continue to use our growth, innovation, and forward thinking strategies to continue to be the best at what we do. Chatham Store 611 Grand Ave W Hours: M-F: 10:00am - 7:00pm; S-Su: 11:00am - 6:00pm Lasalle Store 6000 Malden Road Hours: M-F: 10:00am - 7:00pm; S-Su: 11:00am - 6:00pm London Store 1422 Fanshawe Park Road W Hours: M-F: 10:00am - 7:00pm; S-Su: 11:00am - 7:00pm Sarnia Store 22A - 1362 Lambton Mall Road Hours: M-F: 10:00am - 7:00pm; S-Su: 11:00am - 7:00pm South Windsor Store A5 - 3184 Dougal...
