---
slug: made-you-look
name: Made You Look
type: brand
---

# Made You Look

About Made You Look Made You Look jewellery is more than a shop—it’s a curated gallery and creative studio where artistry, community, and custom craftsmanship come together. Our Commitment Celebrated as one of Toronto’s best jewelry stores by our loyal patrons, we remain deeply engaged in nurturing our local creative community. Our Story Nestled in Toronto’s vibrant Parkdale neighborhood, Made You Look has become a celebrated destination for those who value originality and local talent. We represent over 100 Canadian jewelry designers, offering anything from distinctive engagement and wedding rings to personalized pieces that tell your story. 2025 CJA Award Sarah Dougall and Made You Look Jewellery are the proud recipients ofThe Canadian Jewellery Association Impact Award, formally known as the Erol Paylan Lifetime Achievement Award in 2025. This is a prestigious honour presented to individuals who have made significant and lasting contributions to the Canadian jewellery industry during their career. Recipients are recognized for excellence in leadership, innovation, education, ethical practices, and a commitment to elevating the professional community. This award reflects a career defined by passion, integrity, and a deep dedication to advancing the jewellery trade in Canada. Our Founder's Story Sarah Dougall is a Toronto jewellery entrepreneur, designer, and community builder best known as the founder and owner of Made You Look Jewellery, a long-standing artisan studio-gallery in Parkdale. Collapsible content Read Sarah's Full Story Sarah Dougall was born in New Zealand and moved to Canada as an infant. After high school, she discovered the Jewellery Arts program at George Brown College in Toronto and immediately knew she had found her calling in jewellery design. She completed the program in 1999, acquiring both technical skills and an awareness of how difficult it was for graduates to launch professional jewellery careers.In 2001, Sarah opened Made You Look Jewe...
