---
slug: mary-browns
name: Mary Browns
type: brand
---

# Mary Browns

At Mary Brown’s, it’s all about great taste. The kind of great taste that can only come from premium ingredients and careful, attentive preparation. Did You Know? Our Signature Chicken Is Canada Grade A, delivered whole and fresh Marinated, hand cut, hand breaded and cooked fresh Prepared in small batches, in each store Our Taters Are Made from whole, fresh potatoes grown by Canadian farmers Delivered in big brown bags to each store Cut, seasoned and crafted by hand daily Our Big Mary Chicken Sandwich Is Handmade in-store from a whole Canada Grade A chicken breast Made with no fillers Canada’s favourite! * According to the Daily Hive Even Our Coleslaw Is Handmade in each store from whole fresh carrots and cabbage Our Secret Mary Brown’s has developed its very own proprietary cookers. Rather than pressure fried, which is the industry standard, our cookers use heat to seal in juiciness and flavour and give our chicken its delicious natural golden colour. Mary Brown’s is real, wholesome, comfort food, made fresh daily. It’s always been that way – and always will be. We won’t settle for less. The Mary Brown’s Story It was 1969. While the world watched the first man walk on the moon, we celebrated the first Guest walking through our doors in St. John’s, Newfoundland & Labrador. Needless to say, it was a giant leap for chicken. Word quickly spread and stores opened across the province. It soon became the chicken of choice. Iconic even. It was time to, pardon the pun, spread our wings. By 1972, the secret of Mary Brown’s tantalizing chicken was out. Two stores opened in Ontario that year in Oshawa and Mississauga. From there, growth expanded west to Alberta, back east to the Maritimes, out to the Prairies and more recently, all the way to British Columbia and the Northwest Territories. Today there are almost 300 Mary Brown’s locations across Canada, and that number keeps climbing rapidly – coast-to-coast, in small towns and big cities – as more and more Canadians fall in l...
