---
slug: mini-tipi
name: Mini Tipi
type: brand
---

# Mini Tipi

Proudly Indigenous - Women Owned - Made in Canada MINI TIPI is a Canadian lifestyle brand that operates and manufactures its products locally in Gatineau, Québec, Canada. With the purpose of addressing the lack of authentic Indigenous-designed textiles, MINI TIPI is a brand label that collaborates with Indigenous artists to create exclusive designs ensuring proper representation in the industry While celebrating Indigenous arts and cultures, MINI TIPI offers individuals the opportunity to purchase products while appreciating cultural diversity with confidence. Through their artist royalty program and giveback initiatives, MINI TIPI became a leader in Indigenous designed textiles, artistic collaborations and community involvement.Products offered by MINI TIPI are designed, cut, and sewn in Canada. Providing products made in Canada creates a ripple effect. Not only does it give back to the community through job opportunities and highlighting local talent but it maintains a hands-on approach that guarantees the production of the highest quality products that will stand the test of time. By constructing everything from scratch, MINI TIPI has the ability to choose materials that add to the products functionality, uniqueness, and durability. How was MINI TIPI started? Co-founded in 2016 by Trisha Pitura, a member of Nipissing First Nation, and Melanie Bernard, from Quebec City of settler descent, MINI TIPI is shaped by their professional and personal experiences. Finding the void of authentically designed Indigenous textiles back when starting their business has led them to create what we know MINI TIPI as today; an industry leading lifestyle brand that creates authentic designs and collaborates with Indigenous artists to share knowledge and create high-quality products locally. Operating out of their manufacture with their creative and driven team of eleven, MINI TIPI cultivates a positive work environment that nurtures creativity, productivity and motivates the team to ...
