---
slug: monogram-coffee
name: Monogram Coffee
type: brand
---

# Monogram Coffee

It’s always been about Wonder and Warmth.Our story started well before we served Monogram’s first coffee. We (Ben, Justin and Jeremy) met working together as three overly-excited baristas eagerly starting out on our coffee journey. What made those times so special was that everything was about discovery, exploration and learning about coffee. It seemed like everyday brought new tastes, new techniques, and new friends. Despite coming from three different backgrounds (music, health sciences and development), we came together because of our shared love of exploring the world of coffee.However, we quickly realized that specialty coffee at the time exuded an air of elitism and exclusiveness that we didn’t feel comfortable with. We knew firsthand that exploring the amazing world of specialty coffee was better shared, and not part of some exclusive club. So we started Monogram to create a place where we could passionately pursue some of the world’s best coffee, and use it to bring people together. Ever since, we’ve made it our mission to make it easy for all people to discover amazing coffee. Since our humble beginnings serving coffee from our hand-built coffee cart, celebrating flavour has always been a part of our DNA. The way our coffee tastes is inspired by the many people and experiences around the world that play a role. Firstly, our long-term coffee producing relationships. Mariana Iturralde leads a team at Finca Takesi that raises and nurtures beautiful coffee in some of the world’s harshest growing conditions. Jamison Savage from Finca Deborah and the Lamastus family from Elida estate in Panama are constantly at the forefront of processing technique. And Daterra blends innovative technology with a passion for the rainforest to make one of the world’s most environmentally sustainable coffee farms.Secondly is the Monogram team. We are photographers, foodies, runners, and musicians. There are science geeks, content creators, gamers and everything in between. Throw in...
