---
slug: mrs-greenway
name: Mrs Greenway
type: brand
---

# Mrs Greenway

Mrs Greenway evolved from a passion to create a better future for our children and grandchildren. Who are we? We are a Mother-Daughter duo who had a vision of bringing planet friendly living to our communities. A place that would make living a low-waste lifestyle just a bit simpler. A spot where all individuals, no matter where they were on their sustainable journey, would feel welcomed. A safe place to ask questions and a way to be part of the solution. In 2014 we opened the doors to our first location in Dundas. That tiny little shop on a side street has since grown and so has the communities that we serve. A second location was opened in Grimsby in 2015 and in 2020, our 3rd store was added in Elora - a beautiful spot close to the hometown we are originally from. We have a passion to do better for our planet and encourage others to do so. We not only source items that are gentler to our Earth, we also put an emphasis on Canadian-made goods wherever possible. We spend countless hours sourcing incredible makers, researching materials and ingredients and verifying how and where products are made so you can feel confident that your purchases will make a difference. Our priorities are: Sustainability, Education, Accessibility and Community. Our goal is to ensure that living a low-waste lifestyle is accessible to all members of our community. Whether you are shopping in our store or online, we want to be there to help educate you and be a part of your journey. We truly feel that no change is too small and that every step you make helps better our Earth for future generations. Always remember “progress over perfection” is a perfect place to be! Our stores are a welcoming space to allow you to discover your own role in protecting our planet, a place to come ask questions and seek clarification and an opportunity for all of us to work collectively towards a more sustainable future. We thank each and every one of you for your incredible support and being part of such an imp...
