---
slug: odd-bunch
name: Odd Bunch
type: store
---

# Odd Bunch

Our StoryWhy should 1 in 6 Canadians struggle to put food on the table while millions of pounds are thrown away ruthlessly? Odd Bunch was created to overcome these critical issues — making fresh produce accessible to families & individuals, while tackling food waste head-on.

Founded in 2017 in London, Ontario, Odd Bunch is proudly Canadian. Our mission is simple: reduce food waste and ensure fruits & vegetables are affordable for households across the country. Approximately 50% of all food produced in Canada is wasted.

Grocery stores have strict cosmetic standards and anything that looks or feels a little different is rejected or dumped. Too Big? Too Small? Asymmetrical? No problem! We work with farms, greenhouses, and distributors to rescue this surplus and “odd” produce—fruits & vegetables that are just as fresh and high quality, but don’t meet arbitrary cosmetic standards.

But we don’t stop there. To keep prices low and pass even more savings on to you, we strategically source our produce, working with Canadian farmers as much as possible year round and offsetting high import tariffs by recovering food that would otherwise be wasted.

This means you get top-quality produce at up to 50% less than grocery store prices—all while supporting local agriculture and reducing food waste. Why Choose Odd Bunch? Save Money While Reducing Waste – Get fresh, locally sourced produce for a fraction of grocery store prices.

Sourced Smarter, Priced Fairer – We partner with Canadian farms first, but when certain fruits & vegetables aren’t grown locally, we rescue surplus imports, ensuring quality without the high cost. Convenient Weekly Deliveries – Skip the grocery store with a flexible subscription that brings a curated selection of fresh fruits & vegetables straight to your doorstep.

Support a Canadian Business That Cares – Every Odd Bunch box helps rescue surplus food, supports local farmers, and lowers the carbon footprint generated by food waste. We’re not just fighting food waste—we’r...
