---
slug: oeb-breakfast
name: Oeb Breakfast
type: brand
---

# Oeb Breakfast

Our Story WHY BREAKFAST? We believe that breakfast should be bolstered by artistry and passion. Our chef-driven concept is led with soul, where the emphasis lies on the people that produce, create, serve and consume our fresh, iconic cuisine. On your plate? Familiar classics balanced with unreplicatable fare you simply won’t find anywhere else. With the philosophy of “learn, teach and inspire,” our welcoming spaces each tell their own unique stories. Together, we provide an exceptional, ever-evolving experience – leaving you soul-full. Our Chef Who Is Mauro? Our spirited founder and classically trained Chef, Mauro Martina, has cultivated a culture that prioritizes connection and genuine food integrity. Mauro spent his childhood in Italy, exposed to fresh, rich ingredients of local markets on a daily basis. For Mauro, these experiences were centered on incredible food, but more importantly, connecting with those who cultivated their bounties with love. With his culinary foundation built in Europe, Mauro moved to Canada in 1992. It was here that he embarked on his career as an executive chef at just 21. Mauro quickly climbed the ranks in both Toronto and Calgary, and in 2009, he fed his entrepreneurial spirit by forging a farm-to-table experience for the meal that fuels us all – breakfast. Today, Mauro remains at the helm of OEB and its growth – bringing his unmistakable energy to farmers fields’, bustling OEB spaces and vibrant kitchens. Our Vision WHAT’S NEXT? OEB was established in 2009; in Calgary – a Canadian city with big potential and small-town values. We pride ourselves on a vision that supports our people – from farming partners, to chefs, managers, employees, and finally, our incredible guests. We aim to invest in, educate and broaden horizons with every connection we make. The people at OEB possess a deep love of food, giving staff the confidence to excite and welcome guests. The OEB menu is purposeful, filled with items that simply can’t be made at home, ...
