---
slug: organika
name: Organika
type: brand
---

# Organika

About Us Home About Us Home About Us OUR HISTORY Firm believers in natural formulations. We started with a vision of making natural healing accessible to everyone and quickly became a proudly Canadian fan favourite. Everyone has the power to change their health and we’ve packaged the products that can journey you there. We’re committed to bringing you a variety of natural remedies and daily health supplements that provide long-lasting results and an enhanced sense of being. The Journey So Far 1980s A Remedy, A Revelation Our founder discovered the power of natural healing through their own homemade remedies and never looked back. 1990s–2000s Wellness in a Bottle From launching with just four products to earning a Good Manufacturing Practices certification before it was the norm, Organika set out to make wellness more accessible. We were first with melatonin, first with glucosamine and first to bring science-backed integrity to the supplement aisle. When new Health Canada rules emerged, we didn’t just adapt—we helped build the framework. Working alongside regulators, we shaped the NPN system and set the gold-standard regulations still used today. 2010s From Family Business to Fan Favourite Embracing the digital age, we launched some of our most well-known products including collagen and bone broth and introduced our natural wellness to a devoted fan following. Our small supplement business quickly became a trusted Canadian wellness partner and we’ve been growing ever since. 2020s Onward, Together From pandemic pivots to becoming Canada’s #1 in collagen, bone broth and spirulina, Organika has continued to innovate—introducing countless new products while staying true to our mission: helping people live healthier, every step of the way. 1980s A Remedy, A Revelation Our founder discovered the power of natural healing through their own homemade remedies and never looked back. 1990s–2000s Wellness in a Bottle From launching with just four products to earning a Good Manufa...
