---
slug: princess-auto
name: Princess Auto
type: store
---

# Princess Auto

OUR STORYPrincess Auto is a private, Canadian-owned company employing over 3,600 Team Members, with our Home Office in Winnipeg, Manitoba. We provide hard-working Canadians with a unique assortment of tools and equipment through over 55 plus stores coast-to-coast, a National Call Centre, and our online store.We serve the tradespeople, farmers, inventors and industrial workers that keep our country going. We aim to provide the tools and equipment you need at an exceptional value, and offer an unrivalled experience backed by our ROYAL SERVICE Promise: "No sale is final until you’re satisfied". That means we will gladly repair, replace, or refund any product to your satisfaction. We mean it. SHAKING HANDS WITH SOMEONE SEALS A DEAL. IT REPRESENTS YOUR WORD. IT IS A BOND. WHEN YOU CHOOSE TO BUY FROM US, WE’RE ESSENTIALLY SHAKING HANDS. WE PROMISE TO BE HERE FOR YOU, BECAUSE WE RESPECT WHO YOU ARE AND WHAT YOU’RE DOING. We pride ourselves on helping you create the ideas in your head and putting the right tools in your hands. We are thrilled when you stop by on your way to solve a problem, or when you choose to linger longer and talk to us about turning some dream into reality. We believe in our lasting relationship and will always help you get things done right. We promise to provide you with an unrivalled range of products, a positive can-do attitude, and second-to-none service, because we honestly believe that, together, we can figure anything out. Our commitment to you is that we’ll never lose sight of who you are or why you come to us. Whether for your shop, worksite, or home, we know you love finding the right tool, the right equipment, or the right solution to build or repair things yourself. To that end, we will always welcome, serve, and celebrate who you are, because we know you… Are the guy who is counted on at the job site to know what to do, how to do it, and that you won’t be satisfied until the job’s done right. Wake up your neighbours with banging and clang...
