---
slug: saje-natural-wellness
name: Saje Natural Wellness
type: brand
---

# Saje Natural Wellness

ABOUT US We are Nature’s Farmacy. Remedy Real Life. 100% Natural. Remedy Real Life. 100% Natural. Remedy Real Life. 100% Natural. Remedy Real Life. 100% Natural. Remedy Real Life. 100% Natural. Remedy Real Life. 100% Natural. 1 Essential oil remedies blended for real life. We believe in the superpower of plants to superpower your wellness. From pain to sleep, stress to mood, we blend 100% natural, holistic solutions for self-care and space-care. 2 Proven plant-powered performance. Like nature herself, everything we make is purposely designed. Safe, effective and backed by 30 years of expertise, our functional aromas and all-natural formulations work, guaranteed. 3 Community over everything. Wellness isn’t one-size-fits all. It’s why at Saje, we see all of you and create solutions as unique as our Community Members’ needs. No unrealistic goals. No judgement. 4 Change up your routine, naturally. Going all in on an all-natural lifestyle may not be for everyone. We make it easy to integrate better-for-you solutions into any routine, whether to clean your home or remedy pain and sleep. With hundreds of products that help you feel good, naturally, starting is simple. 1992 Founders Kate and Jean-Pierre create their first blend, Peppermint Halo. 1992 We open our first location at Lonsdale Quay in North Vancouver, Canada. 1995 The iconic Pocket Farmacy is born, with five roll-ons packaged in a cassette tape. 1995 Kate creates our first ever diffuser blend, Tranquility. It’s still on our shelves today. 2012 We become one of the first natural wellness brands to register products with Health Canada. 100% NATURAL WORKS Licensed with Health Canada. Many of our products are licensed with Health Canada as proven, safe and effective solutions. Just look for the 8-digit NPN (Natural Product Number) on products made to reduce pain, help you sleep, calm stress and ease cold and flu symptoms. After all, we’re Nature’s Farmacy. 100% NATURAL WORKS Licensed with Health Canada. Many of our ...
