---
slug: smokes-poutinerie
name: Smokes Poutinerie
type: brand
---

# Smokes Poutinerie

What inspires a man to launch a rocket into space? What compels him to flex his biceps to Hulk Hogan proportions? And what greatness causes a man like SMOKE to create the most gastronomical dish of all time? Legend has it, the same reason for all of MANKIND’S GREATEST FEATS – to win the affection of a girl. Yes, a girl. Smoke spent days and nights turning the precious Canadian Poutine into a TOTALLY BITCHIN’ CONCOCTION that would win over the tastebuds of a Molly Ringwald look-a-like so he could moonwalk straight into her heart. He cut potatoes with the determination of Wolverine’s retractable claws, he smothered them with gravy and cheese curds, but he didn’t stop there, oh no! In a LOVE-STRUCK CRAZE he added double-smoked bacon, caramelized onions, sauteed mushrooms and pulled pork. He presented the box to his sweetheart and it was LOVE AT FIRST PLASTIC FORKFUL. The taste had THE POWER OF 100 MIXED TAPES and they wed immediately. Smoke realized that he couldn’t keep this secret to himself, that he could use it to help ALL OF MANKIND. Thanks to the power of his Poutine, he was ready to answer the call of grumbling stomachs far and wide. After all, the love of POUTINE NEVER DIES. THE MAN. THE MYTH. THE LEGEND WHAT IS POUTINE? Smoke’s Poutinerie is the World’s Largest & Original Poutinerie offering a broad menu exclusive to Poutine. The Smoke’s Poutinerie Vision is to achieve GLOBAL DOMINATION by providing a Unique, Canadian Food Experience that will Entertain the World! Smoke’s Poutinerie has taken the Iconic Canadian dish of Fries, Cheese Curd and Gravy and has created an entirely new food category complete with unlimited variations of topping ingredients to choose from. Whether your preference is beef, chicken, vegetables, pork or simply a different type of sauce, Smoke’s Poutinerie has the recipe for you! POTATOES Thousands of acres of Smoke’s Grade A, locally sourced potatoes are hand-picked and distributed in our own Branded bags by Smoke himself! The hand-cut ...
