---
slug: telus
name: Telus
type: brand
---

# Telus

Ditch old cable and switch to 100% TELUS PureFibreExperience lightning-fast internet and seize every moment seamlessly with PureFibre. From booking summer camp to securing concert tickets, trust a 100% fibre connection when you need reliable internet the most.Check availabilityShop internet plans for businessDitch old cable and switch to 100% TELUS PureFibreExperience lightning-fast internet and seize every moment seamlessly with PureFibre. From booking summer camp to securing concert tickets, trust a 100% fibre connection when you need reliable internet the most.Check availabilityShop internet plans for businessThe 100% direct fibre differenceExperience Canada’s #1 internet technology for speed and reliability with TELUS PureFibre. Our 100% fibre optic connection1 delivers lightning-fast internet directly to your home. Enjoy a continuous connection, even at peak times or when several devices are connected at the same time. The 100% direct fibre differenceExperience Canada’s #1 internet technology for speed and reliability with TELUS PureFibre. Our 100% fibre optic connection1 delivers lightning-fast internet directly to your home. Enjoy a continuous connection, even at peak times or when several devices are connected at the same time. Discover the benefits of a direct connectionWith us, you have a 100% fibre network to your home, unlike Hybrid Fibre Coax that uses coaxial cables throughout your neighbourhood. TELUS PureFibre delivers internet at the speed of light, ensuring you get consistent, high-performance connections without slowdowns or interference.Symmetrical download and upload speedsA 100% fibre connection delivers the same speeds for uploads as downloads.2 Other providers do not offer symmetrical speeds. Our entry-level tiers beat even their fastest upload speeds.Download speedmeasures how fast you “get” data from the internet. Good for:Browsing websitesStreaming musicStreaming videoUpload speedmeasures how fast you “give” data to the internet.Good for:V...
