---
slug: the-keg
name: The Keg
type: brand
---

# The Keg

Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to people with visual disabilities who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu. Built For Good Times The Keg has always been the backdrop for your celebrations, big and small and for no reason at all. Explore our timeline below to learn more about our storied history. Our MissionTo be the first choice of individuals who love steak by allowing Keggers and guests to be themselves. Our Story In 1971 our founder George Tidball opened the very first Keg under the name Keg n’ Cleaver in North Vancouver. He did so with one simple formula in mind – elevate the every day for our guests by surrounding great food with good times. The Beginning | 1970's The Keg gains momentum as classics like The Keg Caesar and the Billy Miner Pie join the menu. The Keg becomes known for ‘good times’ and the famous phrase “See You Tonight” is coined. Transition | 1980's George Tidball’s run as owner comes to an end, as he sells The Keg to UK-based company Whitbread. The Keg’s first patio opens on Leslie Street in Toronto and the internal staff event ‘Keg Cup’ expands its reach to eastern Canada, marking an annual national tradition. Keg Bread becomes the infamous start of a great night out. A New Vision | 1990's The Keg’s Chairman, David Aisenstat, acquires The Keg and transforms it into what you know today – accessible, upscale, and consistent dining driven by an internal culture that can only be found here. The Keg focuses on heightened hospitality and sees the inception of a ‘Keg Classic’ meal. Keg Size Growth | 2000's After more than 30 years of business, The Keg opens its 100th location. Reflecting on our history of giving back to communities across North America, The Keg Spirit Foundation is formed, focusing on charitable giving towards youth and development programs. The Keg retail products are also launched, allowing guests to enjoy some of The Keg exper...
