---
slug: the-brick
name: The Brick
type: brand
---

# The Brick

Your browser does not support the video tag. About The Brick Since 1971, Canadians have trusted The Brick to furnish their homes. Our head office is proudly located in Edmonton, Alberta, and we operate more than 209 stores across Canada – including The Brick, The Brick Mattress Store, The Brick Super Store and The Brick Outlet. We are known nationwide for selling high quality household furniture, mattresses, appliances and home electronics at great prices. Our friendly and professional people work hard for our customers every day, both in-store and online. Saving You More is all about value. At The Brick, our value comes from our diverse and multi-talented team. To stay on top, we are always trying to recruit friendly and energetic team members who reflect the communities we serve. We’re highly motivated to remain the best in the business, and we show it every day by… Hiring exceptional people Choosing products that we’d be proud to own ourselves Negotiating the best low prices from our vendors Designing our stores to be friendly and easy to shop Delivering products right to your door At The Brick, we're dedicated to saving you more. The Brick Group Our company is a family of subsidiaries, including MidNorthern Appliance, a commercial and residential appliance supplier, and First Oceans, which sources furniture and other products for our business. Also part of The Brick Group is TransGlobal Service, which provides after-sales support to customers, and TransGlobal Insurance, which sells property and life insurance across Canada. TransGlobal Warranty Corp., meanwhile, administers our extended warranty programs. Our Employees Whether they work at one of our stores, in distribution centres or at our head office, our employees are driven by providing great customer service. This dedication is the foundation upon which The Brick's staff build long-lasting and meaningful careers. Home Is Where The Heart Is Canadians know they can find perfect places to turn their houses in...
