---
slug: tip-top-tailors
name: Tip Top Tailors
type: brand
---

# Tip Top Tailors

Proudly Canadian Founded in 1909, Tip Top has grown into Canada's top choice for men's suiting and formal wear. With over 80 locations and expert associates, we offer personalized service to help you find the perfect fit. Find Your Nearest Location Looks for Every Moment Dressed Up or Dressed Down, Board Room or Ball Room - Tip Top will provide you the guidance to have you feeling confident and looking your best. Unbeatable Value Keep Scrolling to learn about all the savings on offer from Tip Top. Free Pants When You Buy The Jacket Buy the jacket, get the pants free! Enjoy a complete, perfectly fitting suit with no hidden costs. Whether for the office or your big day, we've got you covered. Don’t miss out—save today! Own Your Suit For Less Than A Rental Get the suit you’ve always wanted for less than a rental—your own unique look and no hassles that come with renting. Whether for a wedding or everyday style, own a high-quality suit at an unbeatable value. Save today! Save Big on Prom Buy the jacket, get the pants free, and add a Dress Shirt and Tie for just $20.25. Classic or modern, we’ve got you covered. Visit our prom landing page for all the details and save today! Wedding Party Discounted Pricing Get your wedding party looking sharp with ease! Bundle suits for three or more and enjoy exclusive pricing. Plus, our Piece of Cake coordinator will help style and organize the perfect look. Visit our Wedding landing page for more details! Learn more about us Tip Top Tailors – A Proud Canadian Clothing Brand Since 1909 As a leading name among Canadian fashion brands, Tip Top Tailors has shaped men’s style for more than a century. Rooted in tradition and refined for modern lifestyles, Tip Top offers high-quality apparel products—from classic styles and formalwear to versatile everyday wear. Our designs are made to empower men with style, comfort, and confidence at every stage of life. A Legacy of Style and Craftsmanship – Tip Top Tailors: A Founding Canadian Clothing Co...
