---
slug: two-bears
name: Two Bears
type: brand
---

# Two Bears

Born to Be Ferocious Two friends. One a coffee roaster, the other a health nut. The story starts in Colombia, where we shook hands over a deal that would change everything. We weren’t just buying beans — we were aligning on a vision. To build something better. Something healthier. Something delicious.We founded Two Bears because we saw a gap in the market: high-quality, great-tasting drinks that actually do something for you. No added sugar. Real ingredients. Packed with protein. Convenient for real life.But more than that, we created Two Bears to prove that you don’t have to choose between health and taste. You can have both — and look good doing it.We’re proudly Canadian. Fueled by nature. Ferocious about crafting drinks that raise the bar.To us, “ferocious” means chasing what lights you up — whether it’s coffee, adventure, or building a life that makes you feel alive.So whatever you’re into, be bold. Be strong. Be ferocious.We’ve got the drinks to back you up. Joe, Co-founder: PRODUCT/CRAFT Not-so-average Joe. Family Man. A craftsman in the truest sense of the word. From brewing beer at home to making the perfect pizza, Joe’s unmatched passion and commitment to craft is Two Bears’ secret ingredient. Joe started a cafe a decade ago and brings his expert coffee knowledge to the craft of Two Bears. His days are filled with finding the best beans and tinkering with roasting, constantly innovating to bring you the best possible product. He truly puts his heart and then some into everything he does. Thanks for keeping us above average, Joe. David, Co-founder: BRAND/BUSINESS Our CEO and Co-founder David started Two Bears from the back of his van and has never looked back. His ambition, grit, ability to figure out any problem, and inability to take “no” for an answer moves our company forward. David is driven by self-improvement, meaningful connections, and a deep curiosity about the world — from road-tripping through Mexico to standing among 35,000 flamingos in Celestún...
