---
slug: urban-barn
name: Urban Barn
type: brand
---

# Urban Barn

About us Our Story Give Back In the Press Store Events Careers Right at Home Blog Contest Winners Accessibility Modern Slavery Report About Us / Our Story To make everyone feel right at home To help people create homes they love, with a lasting sense of pride and personal expression. To make everyone feel right at home To help people create homes they love, with a lasting sense of pride and personal expression. Your home is who you are It’s where you open the front door and breathe easy because you belong. The pictures are on the wall, travel mementos on the shelf and coffee mugs in the cabinet — this is where you live life, from celebrating milestones to eating take-out on the couch. It’s real and functional and where you feel like yourself. At Urban Barn, we’re inspired to help you create a home that expresses who you are. Let’s make it yours with beautiful, well-made furniture and accents — we curate accessible home décor for design-conscious people. Come in and discover inspirational pieces to fit your vision of a space you proudly call home. The first Urban Barn opened over 30 years ago with wooden floors and a big farmhouse door, a rustic space right in the heart of the city. Since then, this contrast has been at our core: we balance a range of designs from urban contemporary to modern rustic for people who live in cities, suburbs and lakeside towns. We love being part of our communities, from Victoria to Vaudreuil. We invite you to discover beautiful and genuine living, wherever you live. Come in and feel right at home with Urban Barn. Your home is who you are It’s where you open the front door and breathe easy because you belong. The pictures are on the wall, travel mementos on the shelf and coffee mugs in the cabinet — this is where you live life, from celebrating milestones to eating take-out on the couch. It’s real and functional and where you feel like yourself. At Urban Barn, we’re inspired to help you create a home that expresses who you are. Let’s mak...
