---
slug: veriphy
name: Veriphy
type: brand
---

# Veriphy

FOUNDED AND FORMULATED BY WOMEN IN STEM+BAbout Veriphy SkincareBorn out of a lucky science experiment gone wrong, Veriphy Skincare was founded by a group of women who saw the power in a vegan form of glycogen. We're built for professionals by professionals with the cleanest ingredients. We want to give people clear, radiant skin so they feel confident in every step of their life, career, and beyond. Clinically proven ingredients for real resultsOur PhytoSpherix® Technology has been clinically proven to strengthen skin and provide visible improvements. It's not just a marketing claim. Natural ingredients for healthy skinWe use only natural ingredients in our luxury skincare products, ensuring that your skin is nourished and healthy. No harsh chemicals or synthetic fragrances. Cruelty-free and environmentally friendlyOur commitment to being 100% cruelty-free and environmentally friendly means you can feel good about using our products. No animals harmed and no harm to the planet. Award-winning qualityOur brand has been recognized for providing high-quality, effective skincare products that deliver real results. Trust the experts and try our award-winning products. A note from our CEO"I spent two decades trying to prove myself in business and in my life. I worked endless hours, read countless self-growth and business books, and looked for every life hack to figure out how to ‘be successful.’ One day, I realized that when I felt truly confident and comfortable with myself, life felt like it got easier. I earned more respect from colleagues, more opportunities came my way, and I was generally happier. I became obsessed with figuring out ways to increase my personal confidence, and having great skin was one of them. It was part of the first impression I gave to the world and helped fuel a deeper confidence that had lay dormant inside of me. My quest for glowing, radiant skin led me to discover Veriphy, a small, clean skincare line with an innovative plant-based form of gl...
