---
slug: wild-coast-perfumery
name: Wild Coast Perfumery
type: brand
---

# Wild Coast Perfumery

About us Creating scents using traditional methods we hand-blend, age, filter and bottle everything in our perfumery. This means our perfumes take about 6-8 weeks before they're ready. The calming and up lifting effect that comes from natural essences stems from our primal instincts. We believe in respecting nature, ourselves, and that we are the sum of the choices we make. It is our promise to you that all Wild Coast Perfumes do not contain: synthetics, petrochemicals, artificial fragrance oils, dyes, parabens, or phthalates. Natural perfumes will truly blend with your own body chemistry to become your own beautiful unique scent, so wear our fragrances with confidence! We give back We proudly give back to The Ancient Forest, The Fur Bearers and we are a 1% For The Planet member! We believe that it's not always about the money but about how we treat one another and all of the other creatures and plants we share this planet with. Please check out our chosen non profits we choose to work with. They all do excellent work! Completely natural Creating scents your body will love Completely natural Creating scents your body will love Completely natural Creating scents your body will love Completely natural Creating scents your body will love Meet Laurie, Our perfumer and founder Visit the perfumery!Located in Cowichan bay on Vancouver island, BC Address: Text Phone: Text Email: Text Schedule: Text Shipping informationWe charge a flat rate of $16.95 for shipping (British Columbia $14.95), this is because we are located in a rural location and our average cost to ship a package is about $24. We lose on every package that we send, but don't expect our customers to cover the whole cost since it can sometimes be quite pricey depending on where you are located. Thank you for your understanding!If you would like to pick up your package in person instead of having it shipped, please send us an email at wildcoastperfumery@gmail.com and we will refund the shipping cost for you!
