---
title: "Awasis Boutique"
slug: "awasis-boutique"
category: "Indigenous"
---

Our Story As a Mom of two, a woman of Métis + Filipino roots, Christine Marie, an award winning entrepreneur, is the founder and CEO of Awasis Boutique. Awasis means "child" in Cree. While taking time off from teaching to be a stay at home Mama, Christine put her teaching areas Home Economics + Native Studies to use in a different capacity. What started off as sewing a few bibs + aprons for other Mamas due to exposure on social media, Christine quickly received continual orders and interest that led her to do some research on what was on the market for an Indigenous inspired baby/kids fashion line. To her surprise, there was no such thing in Canada. 4 months later, Awasis Boutique was born in Feb 2018 as an online shop. Featuring custom aprons, bibs, blankets, onesies, toddler tees + more. Within the first few months of launch date, retailers from both Saskatchewan and Alberta came across the products on social media which then led to several retail partnerships. Including Wanuskewin Heritage Park, USASK shop, Ready Set Baby + more. Whether you need a new item for your own little one, a gift to give, or a comfortable product for yourself, there is "a little something for EVERYone" in mind when creating products. Indigenous designed for ALL. Join in on the behind the scenes look at the design process, the mompreneur life or a look at the newest products by connecting with Awasis Boutique on Instagram/Facebook social media pages. Representation matters. Now recognized as a National brand. With added services such as bulk custom orders, custom logos + guest speaker workshops. When you support Awasis Boutique not only are you adding style, comfort + practicality to your wardrobes, you are also helping to celebrate the Indigenous culture, revitalize Indigenous languages, support + strengthen Indigenous communities. As of 2025, we've donated over $110K back into the community. We will continue to do this, with you + our now team of 3, one product at a time. Visit our bran...