---
title: "Bikini Village"
slug: "bikini-village"
category: "Clothing"
---

Bikini Village : Who are we? Welcome to your swimwear destination! We’re here to make sure you enjoy your next adventure without worrying about what to wear in the waves & discover new places. To make that possible, we are proud to collaborate with over 50 renowned brands to bring only the best swimwear, beachwear & accessories for women and men to you. We love to celebrate individuality, that’s why we offer a variety of flattering fits for all body shapes and needs. From styles that follow the latest trends, sculpt your silhouette or are key items for your swimwear collection to performance pieces made to brave the waves, we have it all so you can find it all! Mission Elevate the swimwear culture by offering a variety of high-quality & renowned brands while providing our customers a seamless experience in-store and online. Story 1978 Our story begins when Quebecer Paul Delage Roberge founds the brand Bikini Village. From the beginning, his vision was to make Bikini Village a specialty swimwear destination 2015 The banner now has 52 stores in Quebec and Ontario. 2018 Three stores open in Alberta and one in Manitoba. 2021 First stores in Saskatchewan and Newfoundland. 2006 Mr. Delage Roberge decides to expand the brand product assortment by offering swimwear and accessories not only for women but also for men. 2016 Bikini Village is bought by François Roberge, founder of the banner La Vie en Rose. This was the beginning of a new adventure that led Bikini Village to become a Canada-wide company. 2019 Three stores open in British Columbia. Today Bikini Village is now Canada-wide with over 70 stores. The retail brand has become a swimwear destination for all men and women and is always ready to take on the next adventure coming its way. 1978 Our story begins when Quebecer Paul Delage Roberge founds the brand Bikini Village. From the beginning, his vision was to make Bikini Village a specialty swimwear destination 2015 The banner now has 52 stores in Quebec and Ontario. ...