---
title: "Bonlook"
slug: "bonlook"
category: "Eyewear"
---

01 The start of something beautiful We’re BonLook, and we’re creating remarkable eyewear that’s revolutionizing the way people shop for glasses. Our looks are modern, trendy, and made for you – and they start at $99, including frame and lenses. From the Founders “At BonLook, we believe that eyeglasses should be an expression of our personal style. We proudly celebrate diversity, from face shape to eyewear taste. Chez nous, you’ll always be able to find a pair that suits you, your look, and your lifestyle.” Sophie & Louis-Félix Boulanger Co-Founders High-quality eyewear at accessible prices Where exceptional quality, perfect fits, and fashion-forward styles come together – starting at $99 for acetate frames fitted with single vision lenses. Learn More Canadian designed ...with you in mind. Our in-house design team in Montreal creates on-trend and timeless styles, the result of months of research and product brainstorms. Style 101 What we mean when we say style Style isn’t a fixed thing — it’s fluid, evolving just as you do. While glasses get a reputation for being a style to commit to, we beg to differ. Just like any accessory in your wardrobe, glasses are a part of your changing style: switch things up along with your mood, outfit, attitude, or lifestyle. Then strut your stuff. Round 85 Shop all round glasses Cat Eye 22 Discover our cat eye styles Square 158 Browse our square glasses Oversize 9 Find our oversized glasses Social Initiatives Making an impact As a company, we want to make sure the impact we have on our world is a positive one, and we want to let you in on our constantly evolving process. Our efforts >