---
title: "Boston Pizza"
slug: "boston-pizza"
category: "Restaurant"
---

1964 First Boston Pizza opens in Edmonton, Alberta. Greek immigrant Gus Agioritis opened Boston Pizza in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, with plans for steady growth. But even he couldn’t have predicted how far it would come — thanks in part to a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer named Jim Treliving. 1968 Treliving leaves his job as an R.C.M.P. officer and opens his first Boston Pizza restaurant in Penticton, B.C. 1973 George Melville, an accountant with Peat Marwick Mitchell & Co. in Penticton, B.C., becomes business partners with Treliving and the two begin opening Boston Pizza franchises across B.C., eventually owning 16 restaurants by 1983. 1983 Jim and George, partners in 16 BP restaurants franchises, think that buying the chain of 44 Boston Pizza locations is a “great idea” and do it. They sell all their franchises except one. 1986 Boston Pizza debuts on the world stage as the official pizza supplier for Expo ’86 in Vancouver, B.C. generating more than $8 million in sales. Operating at Expo gave the company worldwide exposure and set the stage for expansion into the U.S. 1990 The Boston Pizza Foundation is established to raise funds for people of all ages living with difficult circumstances throughout Canada. 2001 Boston Pizza is named as a Platinum Club Member of “Canada’s 50 Best Managed Companies” and has been awarded Platinum status every subsequent year. The company was first awarded with “Canada’s 50 Best Managed Companies” recognition in 1994. 2014 Boston Pizza Foundation launches Future Prospects. The charity raises funds and awareness for organizations that provide kids in Canada with role models and mentoring programs. 2014 Boston Pizza International Inc. achieves record system-wide sales of $1.0 billion and celebrates the brand’s 50th anniversary on August 12, 2014 by serving a record 85,000 individual gourmet pizzas to loyal guests from coast-to-coast. 2015 Boston Pizza opens first airport location at Edmonton International Airport. 2017 Opening of ...