---
title: "Broya Broth"
slug: "broya-broth"
category: "Food"
---

BROYA’S STORY STARTS WITH MINE. Growing up, I had some health issues that impacted my life, but never bad enough to search for a diagnoses. But by the time I was 20 years old, I had a laundry list of foods I could or could not eat based on how they made my gut feel.It was a miserable feeling, knowing that if I ate the wrong thing I’d feel bloated, lethargic, and could barely think straight.When I was 22, I started to connect the dots that my digestion sensitivities were due to an imbalance in my gut. That's when I took a deep dive into food and nutrition, doing everything I could to learn how to heal from the inside out. ALL SIGNS POINTED TO THE BENEFITS OF BONE BROTH. At this point, I was in touch with a local farmer and had purchased half of a grass-fed cow. I grabbed three coolers and drove two hours to pick it up, ready to pack my freezer with high quality cuts of meat.What I didn't know was that with half a cow comes around 100 lbs of bones; giving me the perfect opportunity to simmer my first batch of bone broth. Bone Broth Benefits Promotes Youthful Skin Aid Digestion & Supports Gut Health Supports a Good Nights Sleep Helps Reduce Cravings Supports A Healthy Immune System I WAS HOOKED. From that day forward, I’ve drank two cups of broth a day; once in the morning before my coffee and then in the afternoon to fend off the afternoon slump.Slowly, I noticed the difference in my gut, mood, and especially my energy. Every time I had a cup of broth, I felt like Super Mario after chowing down on a magical mushroom. I KNEW I HAD TO SHARE THIS FEELING WITH THE REST OF THE WORLD. So in 2015, I started putting together the pieces of Broya - and choosing a supplier was my first big step. I knew I wanted to make an impact in thousands of lives, so I reached out to a few streamline suppliers who I thought could help me reach that goal.But the more I dug into the meat industry, the more I learned how disgusting industrial farms were and how detrimental choosing one would be...