---
title: "Buff Bison"
slug: "buff-bison"
category: "Snacks"
---

Our Story Hey there! I’m Heather, the founder of BUFF Snacks, a proudly woman-owned Canadian brand built on bison sized boldness in all aspects of life and business. I’m a mom and stepmom to four amazing teens, wife to my biggest supporter, and a full-time food lover. Feeding people has always been my love language, so it’s not surprising that my winding path led me here- creating better ways to help people snack! When I’m not running BUFF, I also run an agri-tourism business with my husband (redneckranch.ca) that revolves around a huge U-pick garden, and our funny farm animals- another way for me to share my passion for quality, local food. How BUFF Started BUFF began because I didn’t love what was out there for my meat-loving kiddos. I was tired of scrolling endless aisles of snacks that pretended to be healthy but were really packed with sugar, fillers, and buzzwords instead of real nutrition. BUFF was born from years of curiosity - bringing in meat snacks from across North America in 2014, studying how they were made, and learning what worked (and what didn’t). Between running a farm, wrangling kids, and trying to grab something quick that didn’t taste like cardboard dipped in marketing jargon - I knew there had to be a better way, so, I made one! I created something I was truly proud of - something I was happy to feed my kids. Not junk disguised as “natural,” but real, high-quality protein snacks made the right way. What started as a mom’s mission turned into a movement: snacking that’s simple, real, and ridiculously good. Real Protein for Real Life! Why Bison? Because bison are strong, pure, and unapologetically wild- exactly the kind of energy I wanted in a snack and in life! Our meat sticks are made with Canadian-raised bison (as well as beef), naturally fermented, and cold-smoked to perfection. No mystery meat. No lab-coat ingredients. Just real food that fuels you the way nature intended. Woman-Owned. Boldly-Run. BUFF isn’t backed by corporate buzzwords or...