---
title: "Designme"
slug: "designme"
category: "Haircare"
---

We design the product. You design the beauty. We design clean, performance-driven hair products, so you can celebrate your individual style with one less thing to worry about. DESIGNDesign is as much an art as it is a science. A complex yet subtle process and it is the driving force behind everything that we do. From behind the chair to your at-home beauty routine, our products are designed to nurture confidence and authenticity. MEME stands for every single one of you. Each person has their own unique haircare needs and their own definition of beauty. Our Values We design clean, performance-driven hair products, so you can celebrate your individual style. Creativity Always pushing the envelope, we don't shy away from innovating and disrupting the haircare industry. Performance From product formulas to packaging and overall brand experience, we pride ourselves in creating the ultimate haircare experience for customers and professionals alike. Accountablity We are responsible for every product and message we put out in the market. We aim to move towards a more sustainable future starting with our formulas and packaging; every step counts. Empowerment We admire all forms of beauty, and encourage our community to spotlight their talent and creativity in a place where its culture enables diversity to thrive. Authenticity We vow to remain authentic as we strive to democratize haircare, and to keep uplifting our community's own individuality. Our Formulations Our entire product line is 100% vegan, cruelty-free, and PETA certified. Our products are also free from irritating ingredients like SLS, SLES, parabens, and gluten. With DESIGNME, clean ingredients meet high-performance formulas for hair that feels as good as it looks. Always Vegan Cruelty-Free SLS & SLES-Free Paraben-Free Color Safe Gluten-Free Always Vegan Cruelty-Free SLS & SLES-Free Paraben-Free Color Safe Gluten-Free Always Vegan Cruelty-Free SLS & SLES-Free Paraben-Free Color Safe Gluten-Free Always Vegan Crue...