---
title: "Fiber Gourmet"
slug: "fiber-gourmet"
category: "Keto"
---

How the Magic Works Authentic, Guilt-Free TasteAt Fiber Gourmet we use 100% wheat in our products which is why they taste just like the unhealthy alternatives, giving you the same delicious taste and texture you know and love. How do we pull this off? Over 90% of the calories in wheat flour come from its starch. Starch molecules are really long chains of sugars. Enzymes in your body release sugars from the starch during digestion, sending the sugar into your bloodstream and throughout to your body.With a few subtle alterations to the starch, we can make it a lot harder for the enzymes in your body to release the sugar, keeping them locked away and out of your body. This stops you from getting the blood sugar spike (and crash) that you typically get from a carb-heavy meal, and effectively converts the bloated calorie-packed starch into a lean calorie-free fiber. By making our pasta out of a mix of this improved starch (now called modified wheat starch) and the original protein from the flour (vital wheat gluten), we can increase protein and fiber while reducing net carbs and calories.Low Net Carb and Low Calorie:Less than HALF THE NET CARBS and approximately HALF THE CALORIES than the leading brand. Enjoy everything you want in a great plate of pasta, rice pilaf, or flour product with less of what you don’t! Beneficial Fiber:Our fiber packed products keep you fuller for longer without causing bloating, while also producing butyric acid, which has many health benefits. Great flavor and great nutritional benefits can finally meet! See more details below. Trailblazers in the industry The Fiber Gourmet Mission is to welcome you back to the foods you love. Since 2007, we’ve been reinventing your favorite foods with fewer carbs and calories, without sacrificing flavor or texture, using our patented formula. See our full line of products so you can welcome back the foods you love! Women Owned Our business is certified women owned, and we are also family owned and operated. ...