---
title: "Fizz Mobile"
slug: "fizz-mobile"
category: "Telecom"
---

About Fizz | Mobile services at their best. A fresh take on mobile services. Fizz is a different kind of mobile provider that was launched in 2018 by Videotron, a long-standing company that’s been partnering with other major telecom companies for over 60 years, working to offer a reliable mobile network across Canada. Testimonials and awards What we’re all about The Fizz difference Where to find us The idea behind Fizz is to shake up the Canadian telecom industry by doing things differently. With our 100% online business model, members are in the driver’s seat with direct access to their account to subscribe, modify their plan, redeem rewards, refer friends and more, whenever they want. No one to ask permission to, no time wasted. Easy-peasy. Plus, we’re a really nice bunch. Love all around. Our members rave about what sets Fizz apart, and we’ve racked up some pretty neat awards over the years. Affordable Carrier – Fizz I’ve been using Fizz Mobile for over a year now. I live in the GTA and have never experienced any network issues. US roaming is quite impressive, with no network blackouts. Using Fizz is fun—it offers data rollover, data gifting, perks, rewards, and unlimited referrals. Whenever the network signal is weak, it automatically switches to one of the big three carriers. I haven’t experienced any dropped calls. It’s easy to change your plan month to month, and you can choose only the features you want. While other networks also offer affordable plans, Fizz stands out for its flexibility. Suree, 2025-05-06 Best Supplier I have been subscribed to Fizz for almost a year, and I’m very happy to have chosen this mobile provider. The price of my mobile plan is very reasonable and comes with several benefits, such as accumulating points, and the ability to transfer or donate them to friends or to someone who needs more. I recommend Fizz. Clavet, 2025-01-08 @Léger WOW Fizz #1 in two categories Best online experience since 2020 The best online experience of any Cana...