---
title: "Ganong"
slug: "ganong"
category: "Snacks"
---

Ganong Bros. Limited is proudly located in St. Stephen, New Brunswick, Canada. Our modern facility is state-of-the-art with both nut and nut-free operations. We welcome inquiries from wholesale customers, retailers, and representatives of companies interested in contract pack manufacturing. Bryana Ganong – President & CEO Bryana joined the family business as a Marketing Assistant in 1997. She rose through the ranks and has held numerous management positions at Ganong Bros. Limited, exposing her to many facets of the business. In 2014 she moved into the role of President & CEO, and is the fifth generation of her family to hold this position. Bryana is active in the community with her children. She has volunteered through the P.A.L.S. mentoring program and is currently a Board Member of the Food & Consumers Products of Canada, Wallace McCain Institute Advisory Committee, member of the New Brunswick Business Council, and has also participated in the Agri-Food Economic Strategy Table as a Table member. Nicholas Ganong – Chief Operating Officer For the past 16 years, Nick, a fifth-generation family business member, has held many positions at Ganong spanning many aspects of the business. Nick joined the Company in 2003 after completing his Business degree and has worked in HR, production planning, supply chain management, Operations and VP Sales & Business Development. He is a former member of the AHSC Region 2 Health Board; conference member for the 2008 Governor Generals Canadian Leadership Conference and a former Vice President of Enterprise Charlotte. Nick is currently the Co-Chair of Economic and Social Inclusion Corporation. Joe Lacey, CPA, CA – Chief Financial Officer Joe is a Chartered Professional Accountant, who joined Ganong as the Director of Finance in October 2015. Prior to Ganong, Joe worked in the public accounting practices of Deloitte and Grant Thornton, was a facilitator and tutor for CPA Canada’s In-Depth Tax Program, and also held the position of Tax ...