---
title: "Hestia Jewels"
slug: "hestia-jewels"
category: "Jewellery"
---

Hestia Jewels embodies artisanal craftsmanship and everyday timeless essentials. The name of the brand – Hestia – is named after the ancient Greek goddess of the hearth, architecture, home and family. We are committed to producing beautifully crafted, affordable fine jewelry for women and men to cherish and pass down for generations to come. Proudly Canadian, we design and conceptualize each piece at our Toronto studio and work with leading suppliers to ensure that our unique fine jewelry is accessible without compromising on quality. Staying true to the integrity of our product, we only use graded conflict-free diamonds and precious stones and thrive on representing the ethically responsible fine jewelry industry. Our core value is to capture the happiness and joy that comes with owning a piece of jewelry. We believe that when you wear a Hestia piece, you are representing the feelings, celebrations, and milestones within your life. Empower yourself or surprise a loved one; it is important to us to help capture these treasured moments with a special piece of luxury from our collection. From our heart to yours, we invite you to explore our collection online or to book a private appointment for an intimate shopping experience. CREATIVE DIRECTOR Turkish-Canadian designer Yasemin Mutlu is focused on leaving a mark in the fine jewelry world. Deeply inspired by her Mediterranean roots, family heritage, and the ever surprising nature of precious stones and gems; she has transformed her passion for jewelry collecting and curating into creating timeless pieces that embody sentimental value and everyday wearable luxury. Each piece is a unique yet essential representation of every client’s milestones, celebrations, and lifestyles. Driven to pursue her love of fine jewelry, Yasemin has evolved from being in a advertising and communications background into the world curating and creating fine jewelry. She has studied Gemology and Diamonds at the Gemological Institute of America.