---
title: "Ilook Glasses"
slug: "ilook-glasses"
category: "Eyewear"
---

Why are eyeglasses SO expensive? The short answer is, monopoly. The giant in the industry dictates markup and pricing, operates many optical chain stores and supplies the independents. If you've worn glasses for years, chances are, you have purchased one of the brands (Rayban, Prada, Oakley) or shopped at one of its retailers (Lenscrafters, Sunglass Hut, Clearly, Eyebuydirect ....). We believe that we can do better than that. We can offer options. Real options. In 2012, we launched iLookGlasses.ca with one goal in mind: bringing premium-quality eyewear directly to Canadian consumers at accessible prices. How? We do so by cutting out the middleman and sourcing directly from independent frame & lens manufacturers. We do not run costly TV advertising campaigns or high-profile sponsorship programs. We do not have high overhead costs associated with running brick-and-mortar stores. By maintaining a lean and mean operation, we are able to offer competitive pricing and pass the savings directly onto our customers. What about quality? We uphold consistency in quality by developing and maintaining long-term partnerships with our suppliers. We stand behind our products with a one-year warranty program. We are confident that our customers will be happy with their purchases and come back to us when they look for their next pair of glasses. How about style? Do I get more style with designer frames? Well, don't take our words for it and have a look for yourself! We offer a wide variety of styles, from classic, everyday, retro to high fashion. Instead of having one pair of expensive designer glasses, you could own several pairs from iLookGlasses and have some fun switching things up. Everyone else will think that you paid much more than you actually did! Sounds good to you? We look forward to hearing from you! Your Stories I am very impressed with this company. I just received my three pairs of glasses and I was so nervous. This is the first time I ordered prescription glasses on ...