---
title: "Jones Soda"
slug: "jones-soda"
category: "Beverages"
---

Made with pure cane sugar and featuring the most unique packaging in the beverage industry, Jones Soda is a one of a kind premium soda known for its bold, unique flavors, colors, and ever changing labels submitted by our consumers. Created in Vancouver, BC in 1995 from the vision of Jones Soda founder, Peter van Stolk, and photographer/designer Victor John Penner, Jones was launched with the idea of incorporating random photographs onto our bottles using shots taken by Penner. But when consumers began submitting their own photos, we quickly realized that user sourced participation made the brand even more special. Run with the little guy. OUR TEAM I grew up in the “Jones culture”, skateboarding, snowboarding, BMX, dirt bikes, anything with a board or wheels…(if you're not first, you're last)….so I am stoked to get to work with truly great people everyday that bring great flavor, color, and fun (and pure cane sugar) to the world. JerryChief Growth Officer I joined the Jones team in May 2020 with three decades of experience in the CPG industry. Most recently I was Director of Sales & Distribution at Tim’s Cascade Snacks. I have built my career on trust, commitment and a strong work ethic managing direct, distributor and broker sales teams. The Pacific Northwest is home, born and raised in the PNW I am a loyal fan of the Seahawks, Mariners, Rainiers, Sonics, Zags and COUGS. I also enjoy traveling with my family, visiting the many great PNW wineries and playing golf. #JONESSODA DanVice President of Sales As a longtime Jones super fan, I’m super excited to be a part of the team! I was brought on in April of 2021 to lead marketing for the Mary Jones brand and have been so impressed by the culture and drive from the Jones crew. Prior to joining, I worked in different cannabis company where we were one of the first multistate operators in the US to launch and expand brand nationally. I live in a cabin in the woods in Colorado and spend my time on snowboards and bikes and wa...