---
title: "Kicking Horse Coffee"
slug: "kicking-horse-coffee"
category: "Coffee"
---

Skip to content $4.00 OFF ALL KEURIG® K-CUP® PODS 24 COUNTWAKE UP. KICK ASS.FREE SHIPPING IN CANADA* ON ORDERS $75+ROASTED IN CANADA OUR STORY WHERE TO BEGIN? HOW ABOUT HERE... OVER 25 YEARS AGO WE STARTED ROASTING COFFEE. In a garage. Out in the Canadian Rocky Mountains, pretty much near the middle of nowhere. THAT WAS THEN. Fast forward to today, and a lot is still the same. WHAT'S CHANGED? The garage is a little bigger now.We roast quite a bit more coffee.We seem to be adding more and more folks to our kickass crew.And now some people have called us the Best Place to Work in Canada! WHAT'S THE SAME? Last time we checked, the Rockies are still right outside the front door.We still take breaks to go play in the backyard.And as always, the beans are nothing but 100% kickass.THAT'S OUR STORY. NOW, THIS HERE’S THE LEGEND. Way back when, a Rocky Mountain explorer got kicked in the head by a horse.His traveling compadres thought he was dead, and started digging a grave.But, whoa! Legend has it he was woken up by a kickass cup of coffee.Couldn’t make that stuff up. Now... LET’S HAVE SOME COFFEE. SHOP OUR COFFEE ABOUT OUR COFFEE STAY CONNECTEDSign up for kickass news and deals straight from the Horse. Please read our Privacy Policy. FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM / FACEBOOK / YOUTUBE FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM / FACEBOOK / YOUTUBE Cart 0 Your cart is currently empty. Start Shopping Trending Now Sale Quick view HAPPY CAMPER K-CUP® PODS $32.99 CAD $28.99 CAD / 5 reviews Sale Quick view KICK ASS K-CUP® PODS $32.99 CAD $28.99 CAD / 26 reviews Sale Quick view THREE SISTERS K-CUP® PODS $32.99 CAD $28.99 CAD / 14 reviews {"themeColor":"#574cd5","iconColor":"#574cd5","showLogo":true,"topBottomPosition":10,"rightLeftPosition":10,"iconSize":"small","iconCustomSize":64,"position":"bottom-left"}