---
title: "Knotty"
slug: "knotty"
category: "Food"
---

Skip to content Free Shipping on orders $60+ or $8 Flat-Rate delivery Our Mission At Knotty, we're committed to enhancing women's comfort and confidence, delivering more than just intimate basics. Traditional fabrics often fail to consider the needs of women on the move.That's why we introduced AiraModal™, a superior fabric designed to keep you comfortable, no matter where your day takes you. Our mission is to provide women with stylish, functional pieces that allow them to feel their best in every moment.Beyond creating high-quality products, we strive to build a supportive community where women can connect and celebrate their unique journeys. Knotty sets a new standard in intimate wear, offering designs that empower women to feel free, confident, and ready for anything. Our Story The journey of cotton intimates begins with mass production. Cotton gains popularity as a staple fabric for everyday comfort. The rise of Modal fabric, a textile made from beech tree pulp, transforms the intimates landscape, enhancing softness and flexibility. A new vision for intimate wear comes to life, focusing on comfort and style for everyday women. Innovating the intimates experience with an eco-friendly fabric designed for ultimate comfort and movement. Continuously setting a new standard in women's intimates, celebrating confidence and the active lifestyle. Our History Since 2017, we've been redefining comfort and innovation, and we’re just getting started. Knotty has pioneered the first major fabric innovation in nearly a century, revolutionizing how you experience everyday wear. With over 6 million orders and millions of satisfied customers across Canada, the US, and the UK, our AiraModal™ underwear is truly a game-changer. Featured in Forbes, Yahoo, Business Insider, and more. Knotty is proudly Canadian and recognized globally for our commitment to quality and well-being. Join us as we set new standards and break new ground in the world of comfort. At Knotty, we're dedicated to...