---
title: "Leanfit"
slug: "leanfit"
category: "Health"
---

About LEANFIT® LEANFIT® was first created in 2002 by fitness and nutrition expert, Richard Pierce. Fueled by his passion for helping people of all ages, abilities, and lifestyles eat better and feel better, he worked tirelessly on creating quality products that were not only efficacious, they also tasted great. Nearly 20 years later LEANFIT® has found its way into households across the world and continues to stand for quality nutrition rooted in science, with no artificial colours, flavours, or gmos. LEANFIT® is sourced with high-quality protein and clean ingredients to deliver only what you need to refuel, recover, or balance your nutrition. It's simply great tasting protein that works! Our Brand Manifesto LEANFIT® FOR EVERY JOURNEY. Every journey is unique and every body gets there differently. With small, steady wins, we believe everyone can get the lift or personal momentum to keep going. We believe there's no such thing as perfection.We're kind and generous to ourselves and each other - our flaws make us real, give us character, and fuel our growth. We believe everyone deserves a life well lived, embracing health and nutrition with limitless possibilities.Wellness is a journey for everyone and anyone, we would love for you to join in at any point and at any level to chart your own path. We are here with you and will be your biggest champions. IT STARTS TODAY! Make it happen and make better choices easier with LEANFIT's amazing taste and nutrition. Blend in shakes, mix in daily favourites, yogurt or oatmeal, and fit in healthier habits in daily routines to amplify what you do so you can shine a little brighter and keep moving forward.