---
title: "Linen Chest"
slug: "linen-chest"
category: "Home"
---

Our Story HOME IS WHO WE ARE INSPIRATION Bring your home to life, from classic homefashions to the latest trends. QUALITY & SELECTION Elevate your space with high-quality findsat guaranteed lowest prices. EXPERT SERVICE Count on our dedicated experts to guideyou every step of the way. Our Story 60 years ago, a mother of five boys struggled to find a home goods store that carried everything she needed under one roof. Thus, the idea of Linen Chest was born, and remains family-owned to this day.HOVER OVER EACH IMAGE TO LEARN MORE Over 60 years ago, a mother of five boys struggled to find a home goods store that carried everything she needed under one roof. Thus, the idea of Linen Chest was born. TAP EACH IMAGE TO LEARN MORE 2010 - 2015 2018 2019 2021 2023 1961 1970s 1997 2006 2010 - 2015 2018 2019 2021 2023 1961 1970s 1997 2006 2010 - 2015 prevnext 1961 1997 2010-2015 2019 2023 1970s 2006 2018 2021 Born in Quebec,Loved Across Canada Originally from Montreal, Linen Chest has blossomed into a vibrant community of over 35 stores across Canada, proudly preserving our cherished family-owned spirit. Originally from Montreal, Linen Chest has grown into a community of 35+ stores across Canada. FIND A STORE NEAR YOU Our Impact No matter where we are, our vision is to serve the communities we’re in by striving to hire and buy locally. We employ over 1,500 people in Canada See Career Opportunities We work with Canadian-founded brands Shop Canadian Brands We serve over 1 million customers every year Browse Customer Reviews We employ over 1,500 people in Canada See Career Opportunities We work with Canadian-founded brands Shop Canadian Brands We serve over 1 million customers every year Browse Customer Reviews Our Products At Linen Chest, discover our selection of over 15,000 unique home products, from luxurious bedding and kitchen essentials to spa-inspired bath accessories, all designed to enhance and inspire your living space. At Linen Chest, discover our selection of over 15,00...