---
title: "Lovenote Bride"
slug: "lovenote-bride"
category: "Wedding"
---

Hey, we're Lovenote We’re the team behind Truvelle, Laudae, and Aesling — and the flagship where you’ll find the complete collections, along with Lovenote exclusives. With boutiques in Vancouver, Calgary, Winnipeg, and Ottawa, our story begins in our light-filled Vancouver atelier, where every gown is designed and handmade. We round out our boutiques with accessories made in-house and sourced from independent, women-owned makers. We celebrate individual style. We put the comfort and confidence of our brides first. And we believe wedding dress shopping should be fun. It’s so good to meet you. Our Brands In 2013, Gaby Bayona founded Truvelle, a bridal line that has since grown into one of Canada’s most beloved names. LAUDAE followed in 2016, bringing a modern edge to Truvelle’s romance, and in 2019 came Aesling, defined by clean lines and architectural simplicity. What began as a solo venture in Gaby’s apartment has, collectively, grown into one of Canada’s largest bridal companies — and one of the few remaining fashion houses that still creates everything in Vancouver. In our 8,500-square-foot atelier, a talented team of cutters, sewers, and checkers bring each gown to life. Through it all, our ethos has stayed the same: bride first, quality first, design first — always. Say Hi We’re not just here to sell you a wedding dress — we’re here to get to know you and celebrate finding "the one". From first visit to final fitting, we’re all about making the experience effortless, personal, and unforgettable. locations Calgary 1211 KENGSINGTON RD NW UNIT #301A — CALGARY AB, T2N 3P6CALGARY@LOVENOTEBRIDE.COM403.475.4177 Book Appointment > Vancouver 235 CAMBIE STREET, MEZZANINE — VANCOUVER BC, V6B 5A4VANCOUVER@LOVENOTEBRIDE.COM604.602.0498 Book Appointment > Winnipeg #130 - 25 FORKS MARKET ROAD — WINNIPEG MB, R3C 4Y3WINNIPEG@LOVENOTEBRIDE.COM204.421.6040 Book Appointment > Ottawa 115 PINHEY ST — OTTAWA ON, K1Y 2Y2OTTAWA@LOVENOTEBRIDE.COM613.680.2310 Book Appointment > Get in tou...