---
title: "Lustre"
slug: "lustre"
category: "Clothing"
---

About Lustre Lustre is an atelier in Montreal QC, established in 2006. Yasmine Wasfy, designer and founder, creates her clothes with a focus on body positivity, size inclusivity, sustainability, and ethical practices. Lustre provides custom garment creation for brides and wedding parties (mother of the bride, mother of the groom, bridesmaids, wedding guests), evening and event wear, cocktail dresses, loungewear, tops, pants, skirts, and jumpsuits. Whether you’re looking for something to wear every day (at home or the office) or to a special event, Lustre offers well-tailored and fabulous fitting clothes. A small and intimate company, Lustre has a team of eight people. On the clothes-creation side, you have Yasmine, the designer; Alex, studio assistant (Yasmine’s right-hand-person for 13 years, give or take); Hy, a sewer (who’s been with us for 10 years); Christina, a sewer; and Chiakoun, our newest member and second studio assistant. On the online-creation side, there is Rin, the photographer; Jess, the makeup and hair artist and artistic visionary for the front window installations; Katherine, the copywriter, website designer, and head of outreach. (Want to know more about our stellar team? Click here!) We also have three part-time workers for extra support when we need it. Just because we’re small doesn’t mean we’re not mighty, and the quality of our output speaks volumes about the skills, work ethic, and passion of every person on the team. Everything Lustre is made here in Montreal by people earning a living wage. In looking through our photos, you might notice the veritable variety of bodies. We want people of all shapes, colours, and abilities to feel good in our clothes. Body-positivity and size-inclusivity are pillars of Lustre designs. Standard sizing in fashion excludes many, and Lustre always strives to be an open, welcoming, and safe space for one and all. Ready-to-wear items are made in a wide range of sizes, while we will always work with you to create...