---
title: "Mala The Brand"
slug: "mala-the-brand"
category: "Clothing"
---

self-care has never smelled this good. our hand poured candles are crafted from the simplest of ingredients: natural coconut soy wax, lead-free cotton & wood wicks, & a premium blend of phthalate-free fragrance & essential oils. meet the family behind mala welcome to mala! we’re so glad you’re here.at mala, we believe scent is powerful — it can transport you back to your favorite moments and your coziest memories. that’s why every candle we create is inspired by nostalgia, carefully crafted to evoke your most cherished memories - and to create new ones.We use only clean, high-quality ingredients: a natural coconut soy wax blend for a slow, clean burn, phthalate- and paraben-free fragrance oils that are safe for you and your space, and lead-free cotton wicks. with earth friendly packaging and the planting of one tree for every candle, they're designed to be better for you and the environment.mala started as a passion project — founded by melody lim, who began hand-pouring candles in her spare time after her 9-to-5. in late 2019, she was unexpectedly let go from her job because of this very side hustle. what felt like the end quickly became the beginning — she took a leap and went all in.a few months later, she hired her mum as her first employee and candle maker. since then, mala has grown slowly and intentionally, all thanks to your support. in 2025, mala found a new home with our family — nicole, parker, and our daughter blaire. we are honoured to carry on the brand’s original mission: creating meaningful, memory-evoking scents — while keeping things small-batch, sustainable, and personal. Every candle we pour goes from our hands to your home with so much care. When you choose mala over mass-produced candles, you're supporting a small business that truly values craftsmanship, quality, and community. Thank you for being here. Your support means the world to us. how are we earth-friendly? we select sustainable materials as best we can when it comes to the creation of...