---
title: "Mela Kera"
slug: "mela-kera"
category: "Haircare"
---

OUR STORYWe're here because hair is so much more than hair. Uncompromising ingredients. Indulgent scents. Unparalleled weightlessness. COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE20 years in the salon Informed by decades of salon experience with, Mela & Kera’s powerful performance is the result of patience, integrity and the relentless pursuit of better.3 years of R&D Each thoughtfully formulated Mela & Kera product is the result of exhaustive research and development to deliver stellar results with the very best ingredients.100s of formulations We painstakingly labored over hundreds of permutations of ingredients to find the perfect balance of hydration, weight and shine for strong, healthy, radiant hair. WHAT'S IN A NAMEWhy Melanin & KeratinOur name is derived from two essential elements of a hair's structure. Melanin is the natural pigment responsible for hair’s color, strength, and vitality, while keratin is the structural protein that gives hair its strength and resilience.This homage to the scientific underpinning of hair health speaks to our commitment to restoring and protecting your hair's natural qualities, while enhancing their vibrance with natural ingredients. It started with Rose of JerichoKnown as the “resurrection plant,” Rose of Jericho is a plant native to the Southwestern United States and Mexico with an innate ability to hydrate back to life. And it’ll bring your hair back to life, in each intentionally designed formulation. SEE ALL INGREDIENTS Born in Canada. Beloved worldwide. the blogThe science behind our formulasHYDRATION Hair Moisture: The Key to Soft, Shiny, and Manageable Hair Read more HYDRATION How to Protect Your Colour-Treated Hair Read more SCIENCE All About Hydration Read more LEARN MORE