---
title: "Mordens Chocolate"
slug: "mordens-chocolate"
category: "Food"
---

About A Sweet Family Tradition Handcrafting the finest chocolates and confections since 1959 Creating Memories Since 1959 At Mordens’ of Winnipeg, we are passionate about providing top quality, delicious products to our customers. As a family-owned and operated business, we pride ourselves in selecting premium ingredients and producing the finest chocolates and confections. We would like to thank all of our loyal customers for making Mordens’ of Winnipeg a family tradition for 60 years and counting. Timeline 1959 Mordens’ of Winnipeg opened its doors in 1959, when Blake and Shirley Morden founded Winnipeg’s first chocolate-making business. With a little training, a lot of hard work and endless determination, Blake and Shirley built Mordens’ into a beloved confectionary destination. In the early days, the entire Morden family worked side by side to build the business. Blake and Shirley were supported immensely by Blake’s parents, Fred Sr. and Lily. Blake and Shirley’s children, Cara, Shannon, and Fred, joined the family business as soon as they were old enough to fold a peanut brittle box. 1984 The Mordens’ passion for quality drove them to innovate. In 1984, Mordens’ Signature Russian Mints won top prize for Best Chocolate Piece at the World Fair in New Orleans. The Mordens’ were among the first candy manufacturers to produce chocolate covered jujubes and chocolate covered ginger, both of which are customer favourites to this day. 2007 Mordens’ of Winnipeg won the Excellence Award by the North American Packaging Association for the superior design, uniqueness and functionality of their cube box packaging. 2019 Mordens’ of Winnipeg celebrated their 60th anniversary and won Company of the Year for Industry Excellence by Food and Beverage Manitoba. Today Four generations later, the innovation and passion for quality continues. The Morden family now produces over 70 varieties of chocolates, confections and nuts.