---
title: "Nature Bee"
slug: "nature-bee"
category: "Beauty"
---

Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Here's how Nature Bee came to bee! Our Storywhere it all bee-ganNature Bee was founded in 2018 by Gustavson School of Business alumna Katie Gamble, guided by our motto: "One small change has a major impact."What started as a tiny school project in Katie's basement has grown into a full-scale sustainability company reaching customers and wholesale markets worldwide. We began by handcrafting beeswax wraps in Victoria, BC with locally-sourced ingredients. This is a craft our passionate production team continues today. In the past few years we have expanded our product line up to include Swedish dishcloths, concentrated cleaning tablets, and innovative dish washing products. We are now proud to provide our customers with a curated collection of products for effortless sustainable living.As an inclusive, woman-owned, Canadian company, we take pride in our core values of sustainability, community, impact, and education and are committed to making the planet a cleaner place. A Message From KatieFrom my parents' basement to reaching customers worldwide - what began as a simple school project has blossomed into a thriving community where we believe that one small change has a major impact. My passion and goal for Nature Bee has always been to empower people to reduce their plastic consumption, and our progress to date has exceeded my wildest dreams. Together, we've prevented over 500,000 single-use plastics and 250,000 plastic bottles from entering landfills. What moves me most is the trust you, our community, have placed in us. When you welcome Nature Bee products into your homes, you're joining a movement toward accessible, susta...