---
title: "Nud Fud"
slug: "nud-fud"
category: "Keto"
---

Our Story From a young age, I began asking questions about food. What was in it? What was its environmental impact, where did it come from, how was it made, and, most importantly, was it nourishing? Just because the foods I had eaten were commonly accepted and consumed, did that mean they should continue to be? After all, what is the point of food if it does not provide nourishment on a fundamental level? Can’t we just eat real food? I am far from alone. Thankfully, more and more people have also been concerned about our food as our health becomes more of a priority. Unfortunately, the food industry does not always address these concerns and continues to churn out products with minimal improvements dressed up in marketing claims and campaigns to distract from the truly meaningful changes that are needed. While I was a ballet dancer in California, I developed a deeper desire to understand how food impacts our bodies. I was already a vegetarian and loved learning about new ways of eating and culinary techniques. I was exposed to the raw vegan diet and I fell in love with its sorcery. Raw produce was turned into flavourful dishes like pastas, crackers, sauces and desserts. It was like magic! NUDFUDNUDFUDNUDFUD After my ballet career was ended by injury, I returned home to Canada and continued to explore my passion for holistic nutrition and the culinary arts. As I continued to fine-tune what I ate and experimented with different ways of cooking and eating, I developed a deep connection to the environment and animals and also felt better than I ever had before. Because I was so passionate about real, wholesome food, I realized there were not many products on the market that met these standards. The more and more research I did on packaged foods, the more I was shocked by what was being passed off as “food”. As a result, I was inspired to make my own food products that were honest and derived from whole, simple ingredients that made people feel good because that’s what I...