---
title: "Pela Case"
slug: "pela-case"
category: "Tech"
---

Buy a Phone Case, Get One FREE! Buy a Phone Case, Get One FREE! No code needed Plus, Get a Free Mini Wallet with a $105 purchase. Plus, Get a Free Mini Wallet with a $105 purchase. No code needed About Pela Our Story & Mission Why? Here at Pela we have a big, hairy audacious goal. We want to create a waste free future.We believe that the technology exists to make our BHAG a reality, it just takes the right company with the right community to make these products the new normal.This is why we are developing products made of environmentally sensible materials. To educate and inspire the global community of people who are committed to making a positive impact on our planet.Put simply, we believe in better.Everyday Products Without Everyday Waste™ Origin Story This all started with Jeremy Lang, our founder. He saw first hand the damage plastic was doing to our oceans while on family vacation in Hawaii in 2008. Jeremy had the courage to spend years experimenting with new materials to try and find an alternative to plastic that could be used in everyday products I started Pela when my son Cole dug up some plastic on the beach in Hawaii and I started wondering about the impact of plastics on our planet.Our mission to make sustainable products the new normal starts with a product that you hold everyday. Phone cases help to protect your investment (phones are expensive!) but they shouldn't be just another plastic product made with materials that could carry toxins into your home.Our cases are tested to be free of BPA, lead, cadmium and phthalates. If we can make products at a higher standard to keep our family and planet safe, shouldn't we?I just want to make sure that I do my best to protect the planet (our home) for my children and their children and the future generations to come!" — Jeremy Lang, Founder of Pela Loading video... Our Values It’s one thing to have a strong mission and purpose, it is another thing entirely to create and nurture the team and community required...