---
title: "Pet Valu"
slug: "pet-valu"
category: "Pets"
---

Home / About Pet ValuOur CompanyAt Pet Valu we understand that your pet is a part of the family, because we’re devoted pet lovers too. We have been providing pets with everything they need to live healthy, happy and active lives for more than 40 years. At our friendly, neighborhood stores you will find a great selection of pet food, treats, toys and accessories, along with Animal Care Experts who are specially trained to help you find the best nutrition and products for your pets, all at competitive prices. Many of our stores are locally owned and operated, and as the largest small format pet specialty retailer in the world. The Pet Valu family of stores consists of Pet Valu, Bosley’s by Pet Valu, Total Pet and Tisol Pet Nutrition & Supply with around 600 stores across Canada.Pet Valu is deeply committed to giving back. Over the past 10 years, its in-store fundraising programs have raised more than $17 million dollars for local animal rescues, shelters and charities and its adoption events have found forever homes for more than 32,000 pets. Pet Valu is also the national charitable partner for Lions Foundation of Canada Dog Guides and Pet Valu has sponsored five rescue transportation or mobile health clinics through its Giving Back Project grant program.Your Animal Care ExpertsIn our pet-friendly stores you’ll find thousands of products, including a wide assortment of solution based or holistic nutrition to help your pet thrive through every stage of life including exclusive brands scientifically developed by our in-house nutritionists. In addition, we carry a wide selection of essential and innovative pet supplies to suit every budget.Our ServicesHere for you and your petWe are here to help with most needs you may have including services such as grooming, adoption, or our self serve spa like dog-wash stations when you need a quick clean for your pet.Learn MoreGiving Back Helping pets in needWe believe in giving back to local communities. All of our stores are dedica...