---
title: "Petland"
slug: "petland"
category: "Pets"
---

At Petland our guests are assured that we will counsel them in finding the right companion pet for them and the right products to enhance their enjoyment with their pets. We hope that you will become part of our team and help us make that happen. If you ask the coach of a football team how he motivates winners, he’ll tell you that you can’t motivate winners; you have to recruit them. The desire to win, to be the best you can be, is essential to success in life. If you have that desire, we can show you how to channel it. It’s one thing to love animals. Its’ something else to be able to care for a whole store of them. And it’s something else altogether to be able to meet new people, to talk to them about their wants and needs in a pet and them help them to make a decision – the right decision – about meeting those needs. It’s all in the timing... The Petland team begins their work sometimes two or more hours before the store opens and they continue after the store closes. Everybody has a position and each person must be there on time and in uniform. We are open almost every day of the year. Even when we are closed the pets in the store must still be cared for. That means someone must feed them clean up after them and provide special attention on Christmas, Easter and every other holiday. Everybody works week nights and weekends. That’s when most of our guests are here. You won’t have to work them all, but you will be required to do your fair share. If for some reason you can’t get to work on time, it is up to you to call in with plenty of advanced notice So, the first questions you need to consider for this job are: What hours are you available to work? Can you be flexible? Can you get to work on time? Clean, clean, clean Everybody who inquires about working with Petland loves animals. If you don’t love animals, you won’t like working here But caring for hundreds of animals in a store is different than caring for one or two at home. It’s a lot of work. Everyone a Petl...