---
title: "Pilgram"
slug: "pilgram"
category: "Jewellery"
---

Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos. From Denmark to Canada The Pilgrim Journey Pilgrim began in 1983 at the heart of Denmark’s vibrant festival scene. Founder Annemette Markvad, driven by her love for art, music, and human connection, created handmade jewelry that reflected her passion for storytelling. Festivals became her canvas—a space to share not just her designs but meaningful exchanges, weaving bonds with every piece sold.What started as a small, heartfelt endeavor quickly grew into something extraordinary. Pilgrim's designs, rooted in Danish minimalism and crafted with care, resonated with people seeking pieces that carried personal meaning. Today, Pilgrim has evolved into a global brand, celebrated for its craftsmanship, authenticity, and commitment to empowering individuality—all while staying true to the values that began under festival skies.The next chapter for Pilgrim began in 2014, when Robert P. Hayes, a Canadian with Gaspésien roots and an upbringing in Ottawa, encountered the brand during his time in Denmark. Inspired by its design and meaningful approach to craftsmanship, Robert brought Pilgrim to Canada, establishing a connection between Danish artistry and Canadian sensibilities. What Makes Pilgrim Extraordinary At Pilgrim, we believe in the extraordinary power of storytelling and craftsmanship. Every collection we create is a testament to artistry and meaning, drawing inspiration from Nordic landscapes, vibrant urban culture, and rich folklore. These influences breathe life into our designs, making each piece more than jewelry—it’s a symbol of connection and expression.The journey of each design begins with a spark of inspiration, evolving through thoughtful sketches and meticulous handcrafting. With over 1,000 unique creations produced annually, each piece is infused with purpose and care. Our "hand & heart-made" philosophy ensures that every item is crafted not only with skill but with genuine emotion, making it extraordinary...