---
title: "Pur Gum"
slug: "pur-gum"
category: "Snacks"
---

what makes us PUR ASPARTAME FREE & NATURALLY FLAVORED PUR gum & mints are aspartame free and naturally sweetened with 100% xylitol.MADE FOR EVERYONE TO ENJOYVegan, gluten free, soy free, nut and peanut-free.DIABETIC FRIENDLYXylitol is one of the lowest natural sweeteners of the glycemic index. Our xylitol gum won't spike blood sugar levels.SWISS MADE & NON-GMOHigh quality ingredients sourced from Europe. our mission SIMPLE SOLUTIONSA healthy lifestyle begins with making healthier choices, like removing artificial sweeteners and flavors from your everyday products!MADE FOR EVERYONEWith a growing number of health-conscious consumers and dietary restrictions, we ensure anything PUR is made just for you. No one should feel left out!HIGHEST QUALITYWe believe in providing the highest quality products for our consumers, partners, family and friends! our promise We will continue to innovate and create products that follow our mission to make simple substitutions so that your everyday decisions to live a healthier lifestyle are effortless. our story Founded in 2010, PUR was built on the founding principle of making simple substitutions to promote a healthier lifestyle, at fair prices and without compromising taste or quality! With a growing number of dietary restrictions and health-conscious consumers, our passionate team set out to create products that everyone could safely consume, enjoy and share! With a great product and a focus on customer service, we spread the word about kicking aspartame with PUR Gum. We launched PUR Mints in 2015, and to this day continue to Kick Aspartame® all over the world.We believe that everyone should be able to enjoy our products, worry-free, no matter what your dietary restrictions may be. Each day, we continue to listen and understand the needs of our consumers, friends, and family, and strive to provide them with amazing products as we continue to grow all over the world.After all, we can’t spell PUR without U! our values passion Our passi...