---
title: "Qe Home"
slug: "qe-home"
category: "Home"
---

Canada’s Home for Comfort Since 1992 Our Story It all started in 1989, in Vancouver, Canada. Inspiration struck when our founders, Howard and Jixin, came across a simple, yet exceptional product: a well-made, well-priced duvet. From there the mission was clear: to bring better sleep to all Canadians, with high-quality, affordable bedding. And the rest is history! In 1992, they opened their first two stores as ‘Quilts Etc’ in Clearbrook and Nanaimo, BC. Over three decades later, QE Home has evolved from a small family business into a Canadian household name. Though we’ve done some growing up, we’ve stayed true to our roots, putting family, comfort, and our communities first. Today, we have over 70 stores across the country, from Vancouver Island to the tip of Newfoundland. Whatever your style and however you sleep, our team of in-house designers and experts are dedicated to creating products you’ll love — using sustainable, high-quality materials that offer deeper, healthier sleep. No middlemen, no markups, just quality linens. Our Goal Your best days start with better sleep. When you wake up rested and rejuvenated, cocooned in soft linens, wrapped in a warm, cloud-like duvet — there’s no better way to greet the day. Your bedroom is a personal sanctuary—it should reflect who you are, from style to comfort. At QE Home, our goal is to help you create a space that celebrates your unique take on the world — that makes you feel both comfortable and at home. How do we do it? With thoughtfully designed bedding and accessories that bring healthy, natural comfort and unique design to every home — and every budget. Our Evolution Howard and Jixin come up with the name 'Quilts Etc' and open their first two stores in Clearbrook and Nanaimo, BC. Though cobbled together with second-hand fixtures and holding little product, Quilts Etc draws a crowd. Our founders are on the right track. The digital boom is in full swing, and we get our very first website! The early 90s were a time of...