---
title: "Resist Clothing Co"
slug: "resist-clothing-co"
category: "Indigenous"
---

THE PURPOSE With bold and artistic apparel, we amplify underrepresented voices, raise awareness, spark conversations, echo important narratives, and inspire transformative change. THE BRAND Resist Clothing Company, an Indigenous-owned streetwear label; headquartered in Sagamok First Nation; with our distribution warehouse in Tkaronto (Toronto/Treaty 13 Territory). This setup keeps us connected to our roots while efficiently serving customers nationwide and abroad. THE HISTORY Founded in 2020 by Mitch Gegwetch; Ojibwe and a member of Sagamok First Nation. This journey began with a DIY printed t-shirt adorned with the phrase 'F*CK Colonialism' and worn at local events in Toronto Ontario. This provocative design turned heads and started conversations about resilience, culture and being unapologetically Indigenous. This highlighted a gap in the market of bold Indigenous streetwear. Resist Clothing Company was born on May 31st 2020 and the rest is history. Frequently Asked Questions related to our brand Do you have a store location I can visit? No, and here is why: Our strategic approach to being an online-only brand, allows us to focus on offering competitive pricing and a diverse range of products, without the overhead costs associated with brick and mortar storefronts (Leasing, Insurance, Extra Employee's, Logistics, etc). While we do not plan to open a flagship store, we actively connect with our customers through occasional pop-ups, events and partnerships with retailers across Canada and the USA.In addition to our online store, our products are also available in various retail shops, gift shops, and convenience stores, including some within Indigenous communities. This network of partnerships provides ample opportunities for customers to access our brand throughout Turtle Island (North America).Please note that our shared warehouse space is not open to the public for pick-ups. Does your brand attend fashion shows, award ceremonies, or similar events? We choose not ...