---
title: "Rocky Mountain Soap Co"
slug: "rocky-mountain-soap-co"
category: "Beauty"
---

About Us EARTH EVERY DAY At Rocky, we feel our best in nature, that’s why for 25 years we’ve been students of this glorious Earth— formulating everyday essentials that nurture your face, body, and hair, all crafted with care right here in the Canadian Rockies. PROUDLY MADE IN CANADA SINCE 2000 Rooted in their connection to the outdoors, Rocky co-owners Cam and Karina pioneered natural beauty products from their small mountain town in the Canadian Rockies. They grew Rocky from a local gem into what it is today—more than two decades strong, fueled by their passion and commitment to natural ingredients. INTENTIONAL FORMULAS We use only Earth’s ingredients—carefully selected and obsessively formulated by our science team and in-house herbalist. Mindfully crafted in our workshop, we incorporate only what is essential and good. We prioritize Canadian ingredients. Since quality and availability can vary, we also work with trusted suppliers worldwide, ensuring that every ingredient meets our rigorous standards of quality. Once an ingredient passes our standards, we begin the formulation phase. This process often requires more than 50 prototypes to perfect each formula and can sometimes take several years. Learn more about our natural standards CONSCIOUS PRODUCTION Once our formulas are perfected, our manufacturing team (located right in the same building as our lab) begins production. Although we’ve grown, we still do things slowly. It still takes six weeks to make our cold-process bar soap, and we still hand-press our bath bombs—we just have a lot more hands now. Next, we manage the distribution of our products. The fact that we do it all right here means we maintain meticulous oversight over all aspects from sourcing to packaging ensuring the highest level of care and consistency throughout the entire process. “Having our lab and workshop in the same building allows our team to collaborate closely. If something isn’t working, we’re only 21 stairs away from finding a solut...