---
title: "Saaboon"
slug: "saaboon"
category: "Beauty"
---

Skip to content Meet Joulian, founder of SAABOON. Discover the story behind Ottawa's vegan soap and skincare boutique, where every product is handcrafted with passion and plant-based ingredients. Handcrafted vegan soap & skincare, since 2012 Hi, I’m Joulian, the founder of SAABOON. In 2012, I started making soap in my kitchen to help with my own skin sensitivities and to create something gentle, natural, and entirely plant-based. What began as a simple experiment grew into SAABOON—a Canadian skincare brand built on ethical values, quality ingredients, and handcrafted care.From the very beginning, I’ve crafted every product myself—from soap made using the traditional cold-process method to balms, oils, and other skincare essentials—always in small batches to ensure consistency and attention to detail. As a one-person business, I handle everything from making products to packing orders and photography. SAABOON is more than my work—it’s a reflection of care, purpose, and the belief that from small beginnings, something meaningful can grow. I use only the best natural oils and don't use synthetic chemicals or foaming agents, artificial fragrance oils, artificial colourings, or any preservatives. And I am 100% against animal testing! Why buy handmade soap vs. commercial soap? The answer is very simple, with handmade soap, you get exactly that – soap. Commercial soap are not always true forms of soap – they are often detergents. Detergents are petroleum-based products, filled with synthetic, harsh chemicals that will leave your skin feeling dry, itchy, and irritated. Most manufacturers also remove a large percentage of the glycerin from their soap because glycerin contains a high resale value. The glycerin is sold to other companies to make lotions and creams. Glycerin is the natural by-product in the soap-making process. It is a humectant (helps moisturize your skin). With my handmade soap, all the glycerin is retained. Whereas with commercial soap the ingredients consis...