---
title: "Salt Mustard"
slug: "salt-mustard"
category: "Food"
---

ABOUT US Welcome to salt + MUSTARD, where artisanal craftsmanship intertwines with culinary excellence. Delve into our exquisite range of small-batch specialty foods, featuring infused finishing salts, gourmet mustards, award-winning hot sauces, and handcrafted pierogi. Enhance your culinary creations with our infused finishing salts, meticulously designed to elevate the flavors of any cuisine. Delight in the rich and savory tastes of our gourmet mustards, carefully crafted with premium ingredients. Whether you fancy classic grainy types or innovative flavor blends, our mustards will surely add a touch of elegance to your meals. Experience the authentic flavors of tradition with our handcrafted pierogi, lovingly prepared using time-honored recipes. Bursting with various delectable fillings, our pierogi are ideal for any occasion, from casual family dinners to special gatherings. At salt + MUSTARD, we prioritize quality and authenticity in every bite. Explore our collection today and savor the unique difference that artisanal craftsmanship brings to the table. Olga is head chef, chief innovator and proprietor at salt + MUSTARD. Whether in her past life as a jewellery maker or as a private chef, she has dedicated herself to bold, modern creations with a respect for the classics. Bringing old world heritage and new world sensibilites to eveything she makes. Olga is committed to expressions of simple luxury and everyday indulgence. Her culinary creations are akin to "self care through the senses.