---
title: "Sundog Eyewear"
slug: "sundog-eyewear"
category: "Eyewear"
---

Skip to content FREE SHIPPING on orders over $100Important Shipping Update Canada Post DisruptionDue to the Canada Post strike, we are unable to deliver to PO boxes at this time. Please ensure your shipping address is a physical address to avoid delays with your order. Thank you for your understanding! Click for Full Details HOLIDAY HOURS Holiday HoursPlease note that orders placed between now and Christmas are not guaranteed for delivery before December 25th.Our offices will be closed from December 24th through January 5th. Orders placed during this period will be shipped on January 5th upon our return.Happy Holidays from Team Sundog! 🎄✨ Your cart is empty Start shopping A Canadian Company with a MissionPROVIDING HIGH-QUALITY, PERFORMANCE-DRIVEN SUNGLASSESSundog Eyewear, a Calgary-based company founded in 1983, is dedicated to providing high-quality, performance-driven sunglasses for athletes and outdoor enthusiasts. With a focus on superior protection, clarity, and comfort, Sundog's products are designed to meet the unique needs of golfers, runners, and cyclists, as well as those who enjoy other outdoor activities. Genuine Performance AdvancedTechnologies andMaterials Sundog's commitment to performance and quality is evident in its use of advanced technologies and materials. Its proprietary TrueBlue and Polarized lenses reduce glare and provide crystal-clear vision, allowing you to see more clearly and comfortably in bright sunlight. The company also offers a range of lens colors and styles to suit different activities and lighting conditions, ensuring that you can always find the perfect pair of sunglasses for your needs. Innovation Meets FunctionalityExperience the Sundog DifferenceAt Sundog Eyewear, we believe that eyewear should not only look good but also offer superior functionality and innovation. That's why we integrate technology and design to provide maximum quality to our customers.Our sunglasses feature premier lens technology, including TrueBlue™️, P...