---
title: "Tease Wellness"
slug: "tease-wellness"
category: "Beverages"
---

Blends with Benefits. Tea & botanical essentials for better rituals. DISCOVER TEASE We believe wellness rituals shouldn’t be complicated. That’s why we create functional tea + botanical based essentials that compliment each other and your goals without compromising convenience, sustainability, or impact. the worlds firstFully Biodegradable & Refillable Tea CollectionOur flavour & function filled tea blends are each formulated to support your wellness rituals. From sleep, to calm, focus, and more - We've got you covered.From the outer tube packaging to our plant-based pyramid tea bags, our collection is 100% biodegradable and refillable.We call it kinder to the planet & your wallet. Live & Lead Consciously.Tease creates functional tea and botanical based essentials that support you to live and lead consciously through supporting intentional wellness rituals to create long lasting, positive impact.All formulations are co-created in partnership with an ethical supply chain with inspiration driven by our Tea Sommelier & Herbalist. "I've always been ambitious and I want everyone to have the tools that I found to help reach their full potential."-Sheena Brady, Founder & Tea Sommelier Starting my career in luxury hospitality, I was out to build something big. As a professional wine sommelier and service leader, it was my dream to own a successful restaurant one day.That journey required long hours, sleepless nights, working nights, weekends and holidays.At the time I was surviving off of 5-6 cups of coffee a day which did little to help my already existing anxiety, insomnia, digestion and sleep challenges.I knew I couldn’t keep up at the pace forever, but I wasn’t going to give up. I had to learn new ways to take care of myself so that I could reach my full potential and continue building a career and life that I loved.That's when I was introduced to tea. I found rooibos for sleep,maté for energy, botanicals like moringa to calm my nerves,matcha to give me a boost of antio...