---
title: "Tentree"
slug: "tentree"
category: "Clothing"
---

We're tentree We Believe Big Change Starts Small. Small as in bringing your own bags to the grocery store, or drinking from a reusable water bottle—or making sustainable choices when you shop. For every item purchased we plant trees, in an effort to regenerate ecosystems, capture carbon and provide planting jobs in communities around the world. All our products are created with an Earth-First approach, meaning they’re made in fair, safe working conditions, and constructed using only sustainably sourced and recycled materials. Learn More 100M+ Trees planted to date 75M+ Communities helped 75M+ Hours of work provided 1 Maternity care center built Creating Lasting Impact Materials matter. They matter when it comes to the life of our clothes, or the way we feel as we live in them. But most importantly, they matter for our earth. That's why we source only the most comfortable and sustainable textiles on the market. Whether it's a jacket made from 99% compostable materials, or activewear that helps divert waste from landfills, all of our products are made with the earth in mind. By using only organic or recycled materials — like TENCEL™ lyocell, organic cotton or REPREVE® recycled polyester — we're able to cut back on the waste water and emissions that are created by typical apparel manufacturing. And though 98% of all of our products are eco-friendly, we're always looking to innovate with new materials and methods, like recycled nylon, cotton and naturally dyed or undyed fabrics. Our Materials Planet and People First The factories we partner with all strive to meet the highest standards when it comes to upholding ethical labour rights. Our partner factories are regularly audited to ensure compliance with the tentree Code of Conduct and international labour standards. We make sure that workers are properly compensated with fair wages, ensuring proper rest days and access to equal employment opportunities for both men and women. In every facet of our business, we strive to...