---
title: "The Unscented Company"
slug: "the-unscented-company"
category: "Cleaning"
---

Get to know us Our purpose The Unscented Company redefines the notion of clean by offering a full line of natural home and body care products that are exclusively unscented, efficient, and designed to reduce plastic and water by offering refills and solid options. “I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again: The Unscented Company is more than a soap company. It's a driving force for change that simplifies our lifestyle by minimizing our choices, as well as our collective environmental impact.”Anie Rouleau Anie Rouleau Founder & CEO Anie Rouleau is a pioneering leader reshaping the future of sustainable business. As the founder of The Unscented Company, Anie redefines the notion of clean with innovative, natural home and body care products. With a dedication to sustainability and social impact, Anie champions refillable packaging and waterless products, combating single-use plastics and protecting waterways. An advocate for the B Corp model, she promotes local sourcing, ethical leadership, and equal opportunity employment.Anie's achievements include appearances on Dragons' Den Canada, Canada's Top Growing Company for four consecutive years, and recognition with the Young Phoenix Prize and the Trudeau Medal. An influential speaker at institutions and organizations such as BDC, C2 Montreal, UQAM, Concordia, McGill, ETS, and the University of Ottawa, she's committed to mentoring young female entrepreneurs. Anie leads a B Corp Certified and Women Owned business, a role she's held since 2011. Learn more about Anie's vision The Brand is Female – Anie Rouleau, The B Corp Entrepreneur Committed to True Purpose Apple Spotify Avoir su – Anie Rouleau, Concilier entrepreneuriat et parentalité Apple Spotify Histoires d'hypercroissance – Certification B Corp et engagement sociétal des entreprises Apple Spotify The Pop Up Report by Ethan Song – Inside the Scent-Free Revolution with Anie Rouleau Apple Spotify Manifesto Let's redefine the notion of clean Watch the video Our philosoph...