---
title: "Yukon Soaps"
slug: "yukon-soaps"
category: "Beauty"
---

Our Story So much more than soap.Indigenous owned and operated, The Yukon Soaps Company creates beautiful, handcrafted soaps, shampoo bars, essential oil blends, and so much more.Featuring wild rose petals, juniper berries, a Yukon-shaped press, and the artwork of Indigenous artisans, these soaps are literally infused and imprinted with the spirit of the Yukon. FAQ Page For over ten years, YSC has been supporting economic diversification, authentic relationships with customers, and bringing life to the heart of the Yukon.With their high-quality handmade soaps inspired by Yukon land, The Yukon Soaps Company has become a household staple and souvenir of choice for visitors—take a little bit of the Yukon home with you. Custom Soaps If you would like to learn how to make natural soap or other natural wellness products with Joella, you may request a workshop now! To learn more click the link below. We provide workshops to all ages and group sizes. The option to have Joella travel to your community is also available.Our workshop options include:Plant medicine bath salts, sugar scrub, room spray, bath tea, paper soap making, and of course, handcrafted natural soap. Learn How to Make Natural Soap Along with handcrafting soaps, Joella has worked to make her business a community-building, language-learning, Earth-connecting hub in the heart of the Yukon.When she took on the company, Joella was looking for a way to connect people to culture and to land. And she has done just that—from getting Elders and local children out on the land to gather wild botanicals, to offering soap workshops and a business development program. The Yukon Soaps Company elevates Indigenous cultures and connects you to the heart of the North. Natural Soapmaking 101 Book The mission of the Yukon Soaps Company is to empower, nurture and elevate Northern Indigenous cultures, communities and people. They invest in their community by hiring local, passionate people and honouring deep ancestral knowledge pas...